https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=137d3b28a42619e3&fccid=c938a854fbd13908&vjs=3

APPL PROG ANALYST I

BBVA

- Birmingham, AL 35233 (Southside area)

Company: Compass Bank dba BBVA Compass
Location: Birmingham, Alabama. United States
Job type: Employment | Engineering
Published on: 27th January 2020

Our Company
At BBVA, we are leading the transformation of global banking with the aim of bringing the opportunities of this new era within everyone’s reach. We are a global financial institution present in 30 countries with over 75 million customers. We are a bank with over 126,000 employees across the world and every one of those employees is leading and designing his/her professional career with the help of tools provided by the organisation to make that happen.
Corporate responsibility is an intrinsic part of our business model, promoting inclusion and financial education while supporting research and culture. Being part of BBVA means developing your career in one of the most innovative companies in finance.
We started out with the spirit of helping others make the best financial decisions. That spirit remains with us today and encourages us to keep moving forward, prioritising innovation and digital transformation so that we can bring the opportunities of this new era within everyone’s reach.
Our values define our identity; they are what drives us to make our goals a reality and they guide all of our actions and the decisions we make.
The customer comes first.
We think big.
We are one team.
Job description

Under direct supervision, assist in formulating system scope and objective through research and fact-finding to develop or modify a data processing application. Prepare detailed specifications from which programs will be written. Design, code, test, and debug programs. Maintain and document those programs. Must be competent to work on several phases of applications systems and analysis and programming activities. Will take instruction and guidance from lead programmers.

Responsibilities

Analyze business/job processes to identify improvements and efficiencies.
Prepare written process improvement evaluations/recommendations.
Coordinate system user requests/needs by preparing change specifications for programming staff.
Test programming changes for accuracy and compliance with user specification.
Participate on task forces assigned to implement new or enhanced systems.
Education/Experience

Bachelor''s Degree (BA, BS, etc.) in IT or a related field required with No experience required of . Work experience may substitute for education requirement.

Lic/Cert/Reg

Required: None required
Preferred: None preferred
Preferred Qualifications
The Application Programmer Analyst must have a strong technical background and is familiar with big data technology and principles. The position is responsible for data ingestion into the big dat environment and user support of big data notebook processes. This position requires someone who works well within a team and works well with internal customers. This person must work well in an agile work environment. The applicant must have good communication skills and is comfortable working on a team with remote resources.

Requirements (1-2 years experience):

Familiar with coding skills in Java, Python, or Scala

Familiar with Structured and unstructured Data Models

Understands the Infrastructure, Software Architecture and other Technicalities of a Big Data Platform, Cloud Computing, HDFS and Hadoop system applications

Understand SQL and No SQL database principles

Comfortable developing, maintaining and supporting batch jobs/processes

Familiar with code management tools and change control processes

Strong analytical and communication/presentation skills

Familiar with agile methodology

Good communication skills oral and written



At BBVA, we believe that having a team made up of people with different ways of viewing the world and of taking on each challenge makes us a better bank. That is why we actively support diversity and inclusion, and we invite you to apply, regardless of your race, gender, age, sexual orientation, country of origin, experience, studies, etc.
We nurture a collaborative and inclusive work environment that enables us to show and develop the best we each have to offer.
Pay Transparency Policy Statement
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information (41 C.F.R. 60-1.35 (c)).
Individuals with Disabilities
BBVA Compass, BBVA Securities Inc., and BBVA S.A. New York Branch invite all interested and qualified applicants to apply for employment opportunities. If you are a U.S.-based job seeker with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please contact us by emailing: disabilityaccessjobs.us@bbva.com or by calling toll-free (in the U.S.) 1-844-664-9275. Please indicate the specific type of assistance needed*.
The disability access telephone line and email address are reserved solely for job seekers with disabilities requesting accessibility assistance or an accommodation. Please do not call about the status of your job application if you do not require accessibility assistance or an accommodation. Messages left for other purposes, such as following up on an application or non-disability related or technical issues, will not receive a response.
EEO Statement
BBVA Compass, BBVA Securities Inc., and BBVA S.A. New York Branch have a firm and unwavering policy to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to age, citizenship, color, disability, ethnic origin, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, nationality, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, genetic predisposition, protected veteran status, or any other status or classification protected by federal, state or local law. This policy includes all job groups, classifications and organizational units. With regard to employment, this policy extends to applicants and covers our recruiting, hiring, promotion, transfer, demotion, discipline, termination, benefits, compensation and training practices as well as social and recreational activities. View the "EEO is the Law" & "View the EEO is the Law Supplement Poster" poster. BBVA Compass, BBVA Securities, Inc., and BBVA NY are equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

n/a

