https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1fdce882bd4b1513&fccid=a338a46e971361dc&vjs=3

Associate Application Developer

Selective Insurance Company of America

- Branchville, NJ 07890

The IT Information Management–AFA Team is looking for a suitable candidate with strong analytical and communication skills with passion in technology for an Associate Application Developer role in Branchville, NJ. This entry level IT position is under the direct supervision of higher level programmers, administrators, team leads and managers. Associates carry out work assignments designed to prepare them for advancement to the next level. Suitable candidates receive training and on-the-job instruction in conjunction with a progression of increasingly more difficult tasks.
Responsibilities:

Meet with business unit representatives to define and evaluate Information and analytic needs.
Work under the supervision of senior developers to design and develop ETL code using Informatica and SQL.
Work under the supervision of senior developers to design and develop ad-hoc and standard reports using SQL, Cognos and MSBI technologies.
Modify existing application programs or writes new programs of basic to moderate complexity and scope, working with applications systems designs and specifications and utilizing standards, procedures, and techniques.
Provide production support as needed both during and after normal business hours.
Assist higher-level programmers in the development of complex programs.
Assist others with debugging whenever necessary.
Collaborates and works closely with other teams in IT and Business
Identify Business Intelligence technology trends and explore opportunities for use within the organization

The suitable candidate would receive formal training, if required, and on-the-job instruction in conjunction with a progression of increasingly more difficult tasks.
Qualifications:
Strong analytic and problem solving abilities
Quick learning skills
Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently
Ability to work in a team environment and be a team player
Strong communication skills-written and verbal are a must for this position
Computer programming experience and/or SQL data base experience preferred
Selective is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Selective maintains a drug-free workplace.
#LI-BB1

Education
Preferred
Bachelors or better in Computer Sciences or related field

n/a

