https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b11b71439a994be9&fccid=de71a49b535e21cb&vjs=3

Entry Level Associate Developer: Application Developer

IBM

- West Virginia

Introduction
As an Application Developer, you will lead IBM into the future by translating system requirements into the design and development of customized systems in an agile environment. The success of IBM is in your hands as you transform vital business needs into code and drive innovation. Your work will power IBM and its clients globally, collaborating and integrating code into enterprise systems. You will have access to the latest education, tools and technology, and a limitless career path with the world’s technology leader. Come to IBM and make a global impact!

Your Role and Responsibilities
Job role description: Associate Application Developer
We’re looking for a real-world problem solver with the technical savvy to make the impossible, possible. As an Associate Application Developer, you’ll help design, develop, and integrate solutions using future-looking technologies, techniques, and products our clients demand today. You’ll work with clients, finding solutions to major challenges by translating system requirements into the design and development of customized systems in an agile environment.
Work you could do as an Associate Application Developer:
Define, detail and scope the technical requirements into solution architecture and drive an independent project from an architectural stand point.
Design, develop and/or re-engineer application components, and integrate software packages, programs, and reusable objects residing on multiple platforms
Support Technical Consultants and lead in building solutions and providing technical mentoring and guidance
Qualification:
Demonstrated programming proficiency and experience with 1 of the following (Java, C++, Python, Scala, R, SAS, SQL, Hadoop, HTML, SPSS, VBA, Tableau, Spark, Angular, ReactJS), as well as systems design/development, and information technology course work
Exposure to web services, API and multiple Java application frameworks highly desired
Ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions
Ability to thrive in an ever changing, technology based consulting environment, using agile development techniques
The IBM Client Innovation Center is an in-bound delivery model where we support our clients from our Rocket Center, WV center including a variety of Federal Government clients. No remote opportunities exist
Candidate must have the ability to work in the United States without a current or future need for visa sponsorship
Candidate must be able to obtain and maintain required Government security clearance as needed to support assignments

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, Math and other related programs which will be obtained prior to starting with IBM
Basic knowledge in programming languages, methodologies and Object Oriented programming (Eg. Java, J2EE, C++, .NET etc)
Basic knowledge in development tools (eg. IDE's, debuggers, code repositories)
English: Fluent



Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, Math and other related programs
Internship or one year experience in programming languages, methodologies and Object Oriented Programming
One year experience with development tools (eg. IDEs, debuggers, code repositories)

About Business Unit
IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
US Citizenship required.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.

n/a

