https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b83ac3a7f22ee476&fccid=8b4eef541e37f57f&vjs=3

Entry Level Software Developer

root liquids

- New York, NY 10007 (Financial District area)

Entry Level Software Developer will work on a team to accomplish tasks and projects that are instrumental to the company's success. If you want an exciting career where you use your previous expertise and can develop and grow your career even further, then this is the opportunity for you.

Responsibilities:
Assist the software development team in developing and testing client and server component. including internal libraries, tools and user interface components.
Develop and maintain unit tests and automated system tests.
Design and implement scalable, reliable, and maintainable technologies across our whole stack, making changes across database, server code and client code on iOS/Android platforms for both existing and new game development.
Enforce code quality through code reviews and unit tests
Work with engineers cross functionally to develop great software that beats market standards with respect to performance, reliability, and functionality.
Develop and deploy various code used to assist with Big Data transfer into the Cloud.
Design and implement projects throughout all phases of the software development life cycle.
Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
0-2 years experience
Knowledge with C and C++
Knowledge with JavaScript, basic java and python.
Various Sponsorship Benefits for International Students:
OPT Sponsorship Jobs
OPT Extension
E-verified Employers
H1B Visa Processing for OPT Candidates
Our mentoring team is a team of highly skilled technical experts dedicated to training you
Our marketing team consists of more than 100 members with seasoned IT staffing experience
Over 200 consultants on our payroll with leading clients
50 plus direct customers
We offer:
Free Online training
Excellent Salary Package
Job Assistance and Support
Real-time Certified S/W Trainers
Company participates in "E-verify" program
Placement in average of 4 weeks of marketing
Online & onsite support provided
Training Process:
2 to 3 week online training using WebEx
Training provided by instructors with extensive industry experience
Daily training (Evening 2 - 3 hours)
Teaching with 70% exercise and 30% lecture
Real time examples and case studies to practice with
Special one-on-one support before joining a project
Limited Students in every batch
Marketing & Placement:
Strong and motivated marketing team
Marketers are specifically trained
Great Marketing Support
Mock-Interviews and interview training
Placement in average of 4 weeks of marketing
Online & onsite support provided
Let us support you to continue moving towards your career goals. We are committed to helping you succeed.

Interested? Feel free to call me at (609) 796-2021

Contact Details:
Amir

(609) 796-2021

n/a

