https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BE1NIxMi_JbcH-ROp8JZ1Q7Gl0zj0qYPSNkFo4TeX5Qi7JG73Jnt26W1gx4A_UrWWHg5gQUIpaQSFFvsngCag8QqsempSp7JxvFRskNVIse3Xppwb4ChCSU-h3bTNdTQkHjw3mv0GXWOl8r6P9-uZLrtQaYhK1eQONyoNx8DYndQq0pWjNNhrGqhg8zySWeYXMb3S6W59dRxdAPocw6YgxwPPdvaQHmVbhz199QCUD_CeMAYx9mIVrzPGcLBSONChSrJYmBs_TsL0yFwjFSwNecRmlSy9kuggkLQPD0NbIjBsx6Q69z29oiLLektEpTQjyf6EIpVhD_4ewzMTb8lHP-8tAB-UVrUC1WsXH_6o2Y6jqkSgMIVacvP9ZsjWIhl12QCmwqWmbdMFdjhZkrTj2Fd8-or2FfMDHIHHRdae9HwFy4xmLesmcZ8buCdIm79eBPf7BBSCyUg__d8a4316qA_WZskOHVtm-1bcDupiVvyPFY8xLu06tvz5QAjUrOZn4pCsui0c4Pk7kskpkeJLLh8vCkC8XNM9im4O-qj8Hm0Tt0Zq9Qb_xyOzVdqbFqPgW0nyb8BATplETPdIw3KKYi2zwf96pX3o=&p=13&fvj=0&vjs=3&tk=1e1kqnbfm34qf000&jsa=3798&oc=1&sal=0

IT Applications Trainee

Voca

- Memphis, TN

Voca Technology has immediate openings available for IT Applications Trainee professionals in Memphis, TN ! If you are interested, please forward your resume to Tareyl Stewart at tstewart@myvoca.com and call him at 507.303.8177. Thanks!

Assignment Details

Job Description PRIMARY PURPOSE:
To be oriented and trained in the Sedgwick software development lifecycle.
Working under close supervision performs the following duties: assists in the development/modification of simple software programs
Assists in the development and submission of requirements to programmers; and participates in review sessions with IT colleagues. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develops an understanding of Sedgwick's IT processes and procedures, including the software development life cycle.
Develops skills and knowledge in required development language to perform assigned tasks.
Under close supervision, assists in the performance of the following duties: Data and system analysis, including loading and balancing creation of derived fields and formatting, process flows and data diagrams.
Requirement development process and unit testing of simple code units.
Development and testing of software using Informatica, PL/SQL, Progress, Microsoft.net or other programming languages as specified.
Investigation of issues and development of resolution in a timely manner with a technical leader.
Follows per-established departmental standards and guidelines as they pertain to design and development; adheres to the goal of delivering and maintaining the highest quality of customer service to our clients. ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES:
Performs other duties as assigned.Supports the organization's quality program(s). WORK ENVIRONMENT:
When applicable and appropriate, consideration will be given to reasonable accommodations.
Mental: Clear and conceptual thinking ability; excellent judgment, troubleshooting, problem solving, analysis, and discretion; ability to handle work-related stress; ability to handle multiple priorities simultaneously; and ability to meet deadlines
Physical: Computer keyboarding, travel as required Auditory/Visual: Hearing, vision and talking NOTE: Credit security clearance, confirmed via a background credit check, is required for this position. The statements contained in this document are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by a colleague assigned to this description. They are not intended to constitute a comprehensive list of functions, duties, or local variances. Management retains the discretion to add or to change the duties of the position at any time.

Qualifications: SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE:
Excellent oral and written communication skills
PC literate, including Microsoft Office products
Excellent interpersonal skills
Ingenuity and creativity
Logical approach to problem solving
Analytical capabilities
Ability to work under pressure
Attention to detail
Tenacity and patience
Understanding of business processes and constraints
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to meet or exceed Performance Competencies EXPERIENCE:
No experience required. Specific knowledge of Oracle databases, PL/SQL, C#/C++/C, Open Source, Korn Shell Script, Perl or Progress 4GL highly preferred.
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university preferred. Major in information systems or computer science preferred. Education in interpreting user requirements, business applications design and development of business applications strongly preferred.

Shift:
Standard, 40 hours/week

Voca: The Spirit of Work
IND-IT

n/a

