https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=81d95f71a31a62ac&fccid=e49a3951b06e22da&vjs=3

Police Computer Programmer Analyst I

City of Alexandria, VA

- Alexandria, VA 22304 (Seminary Hill area)

Police Computer Programmer Analyst I
The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia, and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington, and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City's square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. If you are interested in working for the vibrant City of Alexandria, we invite qualified candidates to apply for a position as our Police Computer Programmer Analyst I.

Overview
The Computer Programmer Analyst I performs entry-level systems analysis and advanced level computer programming work in the design and maintenance of small to medium systems. In addition, this position supports and administers the Police Department's Records Management System. The employee will receive general instructions and guidelines, and independently plan and complete assigned projects. Work is reviewed by their supervisor for timeliness and effectiveness in meeting stated project objectives.

What You Should Bring
The ideal candidate should have experience supporting law enforcement systems and working with law enforcement databases. The ideal candidate should be able to develop complex statistical and analytical reports using SSRS or a similar tool. The ideal candidate should have direct/hands-on experience developing .NET web applications. A candidate must be able to work independently to complete assignments.

Illustrative Examples of Work
Collects and analyzes information necessary to create and maintain departmental computer programs written in computer languages such as Microsoft Access, SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio and/or ASP.Net;
Designs screens and reports to provide easily understood information and data for use by departmental staff members and other City agencies;
Reviews and tests proposed software changes applicable to existing and projected software requirements;
Supports and administers IT systems in a 24/7 environment while following all required processes and improving support procedures;
Monitors IT systems and maintains a configuration to ensure optimum performance, data integrity, and system availability; Takes corrective action on problems;
Maintains computer security and integrity of all databases by developing a system that prescribes system access based on user needs;
Troubleshoots issues with IT systems and works internally and/or with vendors to resolve system issues;
Develops and provides instruction and on-the-job training for key staff using IT systems;

About the Department
The City of Alexandria Police Department is a nationally recognized and accredited law enforcement agency providing services to a diverse community. A group of talented professionals, the Alexandria Police Department is a dedicated team of people who, in partnership with the community, work to create and maintain a safe and secure environment for our residents, merchants, and visitors. We are a diverse organization, reflecting Alexandria's various cultures and offering many different career and promotional opportunities.


MINIMUM & ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Two Year College; One to two years experience as a Computer Programmer; completion of advanced courses in computer science or a related field; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities; entry level hands on experience with a high level programming language such as C#, Visual Basic or PL/SQL, software such as Microsoft Access, Sequel Server, ASP.Net, Excel, and IBM Client Access; knowledge of HTML, XML, C#, VB, PHP, MySQL, programming languages.



PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:


Four Year College Degree; Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a four-year degree in Information Systems, Computer Technology, Business, Economics, or substantial work experience supporting medium to large computer applications systems; extensive working knowledge of, and significant hands on experience in developing .NET web applications using C#, Visual Basic, ASP, MVC, Java Script, jQuery, LINQ, CSS or any of the Microsoft .NET development platforms; skill in using Bootstrap a plus; relational database experience in MS SQL Server, to include SQL and stored procedures; experience utilizing reporting software such as Crystal Reports or MS SQL Server Reporting Services; experience utilizing a proprietary COTS SDK or workbench or with an enterprise development tool such as MS Visual Studio.



NOTES:

Notes:
This position requires the successful completion of pre-employment checks to include: background check, polygraph and drug screen.




LH

n/a

