https://www.indeed.com/company/PrecisionCare-Software/jobs/Programmer-Software-Developer-Internship-58eee847a4627a1e?fccid=3dda37a61957036f&vjs=3

Programmer

Conrad Siegel

- Harrisburg, PA 17110

Our Firm
Conrad Siegel was established in 1963 upon the principles of fee-for-service work with no hidden costs, solid and objective advice, and transparency throughout – not because it’s required, but because it’s the right thing to do. Our firm has expertise in creating custom retirement plans, providing investment consulting, developing competitive health plans, administering 401(k) plans, and providing actuarial services. We work with corporations, non-profits, government and municipal agencies, schools, and individuals. Our employees are our most valuable asset and today, Conrad Siegel employs over 100 professionals aligned with the very same values on which the company was founded.

Job Summary
At Conrad Siegel, the qualified candidate is a motivated, self-starter who displays a history of strong academic performance allowing them to complete all job responsibilities independently and with merit. This is an excellent opportunity for an entry-level developer to perform maintenance on existing systems and participate in new projects in a fast-paced environment. Programmers report to the Director of Information Technology and have the ongoing responsibility to create and modify programs and applications by converting project requirements into source code.

Job Responsibilities
Encode project requirements by converting work flow information into source code
Perform unit and integration testing
Conduct functional and non-functional testing
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Communicate with business analyst to confirm project requirements, project status, progress, and issues
Maintain historical records by documenting program development and revisions
Complete projects and other duties as assigned by the Project Manager

Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related degree
An understanding of object-oriented programming principles and techniques
Experience programming with SQL and Visual Studio .NET preferred
Understanding of software design
Effective written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills
Strong analytical skills with extreme attention to detail
Problem-solving capability and time-management skills

Physical Requirements
While performing the responsibilities of this job, the employee must be able to sit for several hours at a time. The employee is regularly required to operate a computer and telephone. Work environment includes an indoor office with uniform temperatures.

Compensation
This position is full-time exempt and requires an average of 37.5 hours per week. Conrad Siegel offers a competitive salary that is commensurate with education and experience. We recognize the value of a work-life balance and provide a liberal flex-time policy, comprehensive benefits package, and retirement plan.

n/a

