https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bd2df8dfc6b315d8&fccid=3e84be3af5c255ec&vjs=3

Programmer Analyst I/II (2 openings)

ALLETE

- Duluth, MN

Who is ALLETE?
ALLETE is an innovative company with more than a century of experience engaging in transforming the energy landscape in the upper Midwest. Our businesses include: Minnesota Power, the largest electric utility in northern Minnesota; Superior Water Light and Power of Wisconsin; North Dakota-based BNI Energy; and ALLETE Clean Energy. To find out more visit ALLETE.com
What will I do?
This position will be part of a team of highly skilled technology professionals in ALLETE’s Cyber Technology Services Utility Application’s group. You will have the opportunity to work closely with business teams to enhance and support the application solutions used by the following areas: Customer Experience, Transmission and Distribution, and Energy Supply Regulatory Revenue. With assistance, you will provide technical analysis, programming and support to users including software design, development, modification, problem resolution, and short-term planning in order to meet business objectives.

REQUIRED EDUCATION:
A bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or another related field of study is required.
Candidates completing a degree by May 2020 will be considered.
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
Programmer Analyst I
No experience required.
Programmer Analyst II
Four years or more of related job experience
What sort of candidate are we looking for?
The ideal candidate would be someone with:
An insatiable desire to learn and be part of a high performance team
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
The ability to be flexible and handle multiple work projects and priorities
Excellent oral and written communication skills required to establish and maintain positive working relationships.
Able to work independently in a productive, fast-paced work environment.
Demonstrated ability to identify problems, develop solutions and take actions to resolve
Strong attention to details
Ability to provide occasional after-hours support.
To really grab our attention, tell us about your experiences with any of the following:
Structured Query Language (SQL)
Procedural Language/SQL (PL/SQL)
PowerShell scripting, Linux shell scripting, and/or other scripting languages
Java, C#, Python, or other programming languages/frameworks
Database querying or modeling
Relational Database
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
Candidates may be subject to assessment of skills, job match, or aptitude
Employer will not sponsor Visas for position.

External applicants must apply online via www.allete.com/careers.

ALLETE is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. Employment selection and related decisions are made without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, age, marital status, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, status with regard to public assistance or any other protected class.

If you are an individual with disabilities who needs accommodation or you are having difficulty using our website to apply for employment, please contact our Human Resources department at 218-723-7553.

EEO/AA/F/M/Vet/Disabled

n/a

