https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9ee1c669294bb13a&fccid=2e03ccfa628300f1&vjs=3

Programmer Analyst 1

State of West Virginia

- Kanawha County, WV

Nature of Work
Continuous Recruitment, Select Locations: The DOP anticipates several vacancies in the near future for this classification. This recruitment is not for a specific vacancy but to generate a pool of interested applicants. All positions are located in Kanawha County and multiple agencies make use of this classification. Make sure you mark in your county selection any county you would be willing to work in or commute to so you can be placed on the proper register.

Nature of Work: Programmer Analysts may work in various dimensions of software development including database, traditional programming, mainframe/timeshare systems, modern development tools and historical maintenance. Applicants with experience in a wide variety of operating systems, computer programming languages, or software tools are encouraged to review the minimum qualifications and apply if interested.

Under general supervision, at the entry level, performs computer programming work in the designing and writing of new and/or modifying the existing computer programs to facilitate goals and meet information and automation needs of agency users. Researches documentation to learn the location of file layouts and codes programs of moderate complexity such as extracting data using logical keys. Creates test files and conducts test runs, debugs programs and prepares documentation. Attends user meetings with supervision. May perform limited systems analysis under direction. An irregular work schedule may be required of this position. Performs related work as required.

Distinguishing Characteristics Programmer Analyst 1's receive job assignments with detailed instruction and routine problems, gradually working with less instruction on more complex problems. Programmer Analyst 1's perform some systems analysis and design functions. May assist higher level Programmer Analysts in systems analysis of large, more complex systems. Responds to user inquiries.

IMPORTANT: Your eligible score will be based on information provided in your application; therefore, make sure your application is detailed and complete. You may attach a resume and other documents; however, you should NEVER enter "See Resume" on the application. You MUST complete ALL parts of the application, including the Work Experience section. NOTE: Jobs on your application that do not have a salary amount will be considered volunteer and will NOT be counted as qualifying. Estimate salary if necessary.

Eligibility Length: This posting is for a Continuous recruitment because of an expected need for applicants. Applicants will be placed on a database of eligible applicants for 1 year. You will only be eligible for vacancies in counties you select. After 1 year applicants who remain interested in this job title MUST re-apply to be considered. The Division of Personnel cannot say with any certainty the location or number of future vacancies, only that the agency has expressed an anticipated hiring need. If an applicant wishes more specific information about future hiring plans please contact the hiring agency directly.

Job Interest Card: You may complete an online Job Interest Card at our main jobs page to receive an email notice anytime jobs not currently available for application are posted. Note: ONLY recruitments not currently open will appear on Job Interest Card notifications so please check the current listings thoroughly to avoid missing an opportunity.

As a condition of employment, an inquiry into job-related information will be completed which may include, but not limited to, criminal records, abuse registry records, driving records, employment history, and education and training. Failing to cooperate with this process, providing false and incomplete information, or discovery of disqualifying information will result in denial of or dismissal from employment or denial of transfer irrespective of when discovered.
Examples of Work

Writes new programs or modifies existing programs of low to moderate complexity; designs flow charts, reviews logic, codes logic flow into appropriate language, conducts test runs, debugs program from test results and writes documentation.
Performs routine duties such as coding programs, maintaining program documentation, and updating data processing manuals.
Assists in the analysis of user work processes and systems to determine feasibility of electronic data processing applications.
Consults with users to determine specific program requirements and the data necessary for production; prepares detailed specifications necessary for programming and systems documentation.
Communicates with users to resolve production problems, define specifications and test results.
Trains users on developed applications and other automation tools.
Participates in self-study and vendor-supplied courses to improve skills in more complex programming areas.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Knowledge of data base management, documentation and project control techniques.
Knowledge of a 3rd or 4th generation programming language.
Knowledge of data processing concepts and equipment usage.
Skill in programming batch and/or on-line systems.
Ability to develop and maintain complex program systems at a level comparable to on-line applications.
Ability to evaluate and analyze user requests and develop effective work plans for systems development and maintenance.
Ability to present ideas in a clear, concise format using narrative statements and logic diagrams.
Ability to follow complex written and oral instructions.
Ability to train others in programming techniques.
Ability to maintain effective working relationships with data processing personnel and users.
Ability to understand complex technical manuals.
Ability to complete work within timeframes.
Ability to develop and perform system checks which are sufficient to test the thoroughness and accuracy of programs.
Minimum Qualifications
1) Bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited college or university in computer science or related field including but not limited to business data programming, business systems analysis, computer accounting, computer and information systems, computer servicing technologies, information systems management, data processing, or computer engineering.
OR
2) An Associate's degree from an accredited college, university or business school in computer science or related field including but not limited to business data programming, business systems analysis, computer accounting, computer and information systems, computer servicing technologies, information systems management, data processing, or computer engineering AND eighteen months of full-time or equivalent part-time paid computer programming experience in one or more programming or data base languages.
OR
3) Three years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid computer programming experience in one or more programming or data base languages.
NOTICE: If you are claiming college or other post-high school education or license, you MUST attach or provide by mail a legible copy of your OFFICIAL education transcript, license or training record. YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR EMPLOYMENT UNTIL THIS VERIFICATION HAS BEEN RECEIVED. To avoid missing a job opportunity, it is important that you provide this verification as soon as possible. You only have to provide this verification one time. It is not required with every application. Attach documents to the online application, or via email to: applicantservices@wv.gov, FAX: 304-957-0396, or mail to: Division of Personnel, Building 3, Suite 500, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305.

n/a

