https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0858d93da8341f9f&fccid=d7cce859de7e3fed&vjs=3

Software Engineer I (Solutions Engineer)

Teikametrics

- Boston, MA 02210 (South Boston area)

Teikametrics is a leading maker of e-commerce AI. We help independent brands (both large and small) optimize their advertising, forecast demand, detect product issues and maximize overall profitability. While still at startup size (< 150 employees), the company has significant annual-recurring-revenues, and has recently raised a Series A investment to fuel growth. Teikametrics is on target for over 100% revenue growth for its second year in a row.

Over 50% of all e-commerce sales are by independent, third-party sellers. The majority of these sellers are flying blind with nothing but basic spreadsheet software with which to manage their business. Our AI helps these sellers by providing deep performance analytics at a product level, as well as support for complex decision-making through a combination of econometrics and machine-learning.

Teikametrics offers competitive compensation and our benefits include a matching 401(k) plan, quarterly bonuses, unlimited vacation, and stock options. Our culture emphasizes a sustainable work-life-balance and creativity rather than long-hours, and our team is organized to provide a high level of support and 1:1 mentorship for developers at every level.

About the Role
Teikametrics is looking for a Software Engineer (Solutions Engineer) with strong computer science fundamentals and an interest in web application development. Solutions engineers help improve and automate our product - from improving existing features and systems to implementing new internal tooling for teammates throughout the organization. You'll primarily work with the product and expert support team to solve problems, help internal users build new tools, and debug code of all kinds; you'll also work with the development team to identify bugs and find ways to help improve Flywheel.

Current back-end technologies at Teikametrics emphasize a ‘functional-first’ Scala stack with cats and fs2, powering a front-end that uses TypeScript with React and Redux. We also use Python and Postgresql.

Qualified candidates should have:
A strong academic record. Prior work experience not required, but preferred.
Experience with Java or other JVM languages
Basic proficiency with SQL/RDBMS
Passion for learning and growing as a developer
A desire to work in a collaborative environment focusing on continuous learning; participating in tech talks, code review, and some pair programming.

n/a

