https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=77ce7c995ae4c9e6&fccid=aeb15e43a6800b9d&vjs=3

Software Engineer

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION

- Colorado Springs, CO 80921 (Briargate area)

This position is for a Software Engineer on the C2 System Model team in support of the CETO HERMeS IRAD. The candidate will be responsible for development of new capabilities and correction of bugs for the C2 System Model in the Java software environment. The candidate must have a background in software development, a background in M&S development and knowledge of simulation messaging is a plus. Knowledge of real world systems will be an additional consideration; Functionality of the BMDS elements, including weapons and sensor systems.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 2 years of professional experience; or no experience required with a related Masters degree. Considered experienced, but still a learner.
Software engineering and software development with strong Java/JEE/Python experience.
Experience and knowledge of basic software practices such as coding standards, application programmer interface development, and configuration management.
Experience developing web service applications
Understanding and experience with Object Oriented Programming
Understanding and experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Experience programming in Java (Spring)/Python
Experience with common design patterns
Desired Skills:
Experience with IntelliJ IDEA, Maven, Git, Jenkins, JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket
Experience with MATLAB
Background in Math and Algorithms
Experience in M&S software development
Knowledge of/experience with DIS messaging interfaces
Background in BMDS elements, sensors and weapons (C2BMC, Aegis, THAAD, Patriot, Space Layer, etc)
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

n/a

