Product Engineering Internship

Nike

- Beaverton, OR

Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team
NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
As our Product Engineering Summer Intern, you will join the Nike Category teams focused on delivering innovative products to support the best athletes in the world. You will be asked to leverage a broad knowledge of engineering competencies to support product development across the Basketball, Running, and Global Football business. You will have the opportunity to work with a large diverse team including cutting edge designers, marketing experts, manufacturing engineers, cost engineers, and experts in measuring athlete performance.

You will work on shoe concepts spanning the court, pitch, track, and urban world. Our Product Engineering Intern will also work with partners across the global to scale and commercialize our latest innovations. Are you ready to see what it means to be a Shoe Dog?

WHAT YOU BRING TO NIKE
Working towards a Bachelor’s degree in Polymer Science, Materials Science, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related field, with an anticipated graduation date of December 2020 or May/June 2021.
Experience with material characterization or development in the rubber, foam, or textile space preferred.
Familiarity with state-of-the-art processing techniques used for polymeric materials, including injection molding, extrusion, foaming, compression molding, and 3D printing.
Ability to clearly articulate project goals and objectives to relevant audiences.
Strong interpersonal effectiveness, collaboration and data-based decision-making track record (i.e. statistical methods).
Ability to work with diverse teams and skillsets to support strategic initiatives.
Creativity to solve applied product and manufacturing problems.

NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.

n/a

