2019-2020 Campus Graduate - Chemical Engineer (BS/MS)

Dow

- Louisville, KY

Description

Dow is currently seeking New College Graduates with a Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Chemical Engineering. The majority of the positions for both Manufacturing & Engineering and EH&S Operations are expected to be available in locations such as Louisiana, Michigan and Texas . Limited positions may exist in other small sites in the United States.

Opportunities in Manufacturing include a broad range of responsibilities in chemical plant safety and environmental performance, process operation, optimization, modification, maintenance, and technology implementation. Engineers must use sound technical judgment to enable safe and efficient plant operations. We combine world-class expertise, future-focused technologies, and sustainability to solve global issues. Our Engineering employees work as part of a team at Dow and we have many opportunities to address challenging real-world problems.

Career opportunities are available in the following areas:
Production Engineer
The Production Engineer provides daily technical support to plant operating personnel in order to maintain the safe, reliable, and efficient operations of a production facility. Key areas of emphasis are environmental health, and safety (EH&S) performance, product quality, maintaining & optimizing operation costs, and all aspects of plant technical performance such as yield, energy efficiency, and asset utilization.

Process Engineer
The Process Engineer supports capital project teams, production plant personnel, improvement personnel, and other technical teams by offering specialized process engineering expertise (such as steady state modeling, dynamic modeling, and advanced chemical engineering technology) to these teams.

Process Automation Engineer
The Process Automation Engineer serves as a technical resource and process control team member for capital and improvement projects. These projects include implementing Dow's most effective technology, incremental process technology improvements and creative process control solutions new to Dow's businesses. Process Automation Engineers also provide technical support to manufacturing facilities to ensure the proper execution of advanced process control strategies.

Improvement Engineer
The Improvement Engineer will apply technical skills to initiate and assist in the development and execution of plant improvement and optimizations projects. This role works very closely with local production plant personnel yet is part of a larger global technology organization.

Required Qualifications:
A minimum of a Bachelor's Degree in Chemical Engineering
Must have a minimum overall cumulative 2.700 GPA (on a 4.000 scale) at your current university.
A minimum requirement for this U.S. based position is the ability to work legally in the United States. No visa sponsorship/support is available for this position, including for any type of U.S. permanent residency (green card) process

Dow has a competitive job offer package which also includes relocation benefits as applicable.

Dow Offers:
A robust total rewards program, including: competitive base pay, variable pay that rewards individual, team, and Company performance, and comprehensive benefits
On-going learning opportunities within a diverse, inclusive and rewarding work environment
Career experiences that can span different Dow businesses and functions with opportunities for personal and professional growth
The chance to work within a global company and interact with colleagues from around the world
Opportunities that spark your imagination and ignite your passion to help others

About Dow
Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines one of the broadest technology sets in the industry with asset integration, focused innovation and global scale to achieve profitable growth and become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow’s portfolio of performance materials, industrial intermediates and plastics businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for our customers in high-growth segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 113 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 37,000 people. Dow delivered pro forma sales of approximately $50 billion in 2018. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries.

n/a

