New Chemical Engineer Graduate

Resolute Forest Products

- Calhoun, TN

We at Resolute are a diverse group of individuals who possess a wide variety of skills. Here, we believe that giving you the ability to maximize your potential without constraint is key to our shared success.

Our Calhoun location in Tennessee, United States is currently seeking talent to fill the position of New Chemical Engineer Graduate. This job is permanent, full-time.
We want the best people to work with us. If you’re looking for the best outlet for your talents, you could find a career at Resolute Forest Products that gives you so much more.
We are looking for our next generation of leaders. This career opportunity for new engineering graduates is your way to become one of them.
We are looking for candidates with the competencies and interest to assume leadership roles and providing them with opportunities to accelerate their development with a program that extends over two years. Once completed, you’ll be looking at a challenging position at Resolute to pursue your fast-track development towards leadership roles.
Your challenges:
You will work directly with the site teams in various initiatives such as:
production optimization
engineering and maintenance procedures
improvement projects
cost reduction projects
workplace safety
Your team:
You will be part of a results oriented team recognized for its initiative where exceeding expectations is encouraged. Our facilities are strategically located to serve major markets throughout North America and abroad.
Calhoun, TN: Chemical Engineer
Your profile:
Bachelor degree in Chemical Engineering
Practical experience of the manufacturing sector is an asset.
Your skills & assets:
Excellent leadership skills
Ability to work as part of a team and to quickly adapt to change
Strong analytical skills and ability to rapidly make appropriate decisions based on experience and judgment even when information is incomplete and/or when under pressure
Basic Qualifications:
Must be U.S. Citizen or National of the U.S., an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, or an alien authorized to work in the U.S. for this employer.
Other Criteria:
Employer will not sponsor visas for position.
Be part of the change. Be part of a dynamic team.
We are a global leader in the forest products industry offering an energetic and safe work environment with opportunities and challenges that will help develop your skills. We are more than 8,000 employees in Canada, the United States and various other international locations.

We are looking for employees with the experience and expertise to improve our efficiency, increase our long-term profitability and deliver first-class products and services to our customers. And you, what are you looking for?

We are a company writing a new story for itself in a rapidly changing industry. We have made important inroads to ensure our viability and to be an environmental supplier of choice. Come take part of our history and be part of the change!

n/a

