Pharma Validation Engineer

Validation Associates LLC

- Dallas, TX

We are actively looking for fresh talent: Chemical Engineers/Bio-Medical Engineers/Lab Validation Engineers
Location: US-VA-Herndon, and client sites nationwide
Qualifications: Degree in Engineering in Chemical or Biomedical/Biotech is required from an accredited university or college (Undergrad or Masters): Recent college graduates with no experience or graduates with some experience may apply. Computer knowledge and familiarity with the use of word processing, spreadsheet, and basic database applications preferred. Must have some exposure to FDA rules and regulations
Employee Type: Full-Time/ W2 Employee
REQUIREMENTS:
*Must be ambitious, have strong work ethic, and a willingness to learn.
*Be a fast learner with strong problem solving skills.
*Demonstrated strength in verbal and written communication.
*Positive & winning attitude.
*Candidate must be willing to relocate.
*Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
*Ability to understand and effectively communicate at all management levels, technical dependencies, timeline impact and risks.
Benefits:
Free Training and Study Material
Free Accommodation in company Guest House, if required.
Training by experienced and qualified instructors.
Free support for Resume building and Interview preparation.
FREE MENTORING AND JOB PLACEMENT with VERY AGGRESSIVE MARKETING.
COMPETITIVE SALARY WITH COMPLETE COMPANY SPONSORED BENEFITS, INCREMENTS EVERY 6 MONTHS.
RELOCATION ASSISTANCE: We offer Relocation Assistance to help with the relocation costs while starting their project at client site.
100% SUCCESS RATE IN PROJECT PLACEMENT.
100% APPROVAL RATE IN H1B AND GREEN CARD.
ABOUT US:
Validation Associates LLC, a privately held Enterprise, is a premier provider of business and technology solutions. We have a strong vertical focus offering an integrated suite of services through a global delivery platform, designed to enhance and maximize the operational performance of its customers in United States and abroad. Over the years Validation Associates, LLC has developed and assembled an attractive portfolio of capabilities, established a proven record of performance and credibility and built an efficient pricing structure. This combination offers clients a compelling value proposition that greatly accelerates the successful attainment of their business objectives. Helping clients achieve their business objectives in a professional, timely and cost-effective manner is Validation Associate's primary goal. Our clients consistently rate us #1 in technical expertise and client service. We are proud that more than 80% of our engagements come from repeat business and client referrals. We have the experience, expertise, and commitment to meet all of your validation and compliance staffing needs.
* Candidates should be open for relocation anywhere in USA *
We don't just provide training & placement; we ensure that you are successful at your new job.
References available from previous batch placed candidates.
WE SPONSOR WORK VISAS AND GREEN CARDS (Students on F1 with OPT/CPT status are welcome).
We are an E-Verified company.
Please forward your resumes in word format to sneha(at)validationassociates.com, or can call on 703-291-0203, ext 103.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $60,000.00 to $65,000.00 /year
Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)

n/a

