Process Engineer I - Chandler, AZ (B)

Exyte

- Chandler, AZ

Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering and delivery of facilities for high-tech industries. With a history of more than 100 years, the company has developed a unique expertise in controlled and regulated environments. Exyte has a truly global footprint, serving the most technically demanding clients in markets such as semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. The company offers a full range of services from consulting to the managing of turnkey solutions – delivered to the highest quality and safety standards. Solving the most complex challenges, Exyte forges trusted, long-lasting relationships with its clients. In 2018, Exyte generated sales of EUR 3.5 billion with over 5,600 highly experienced and motivated employees. The company is ideally positioned to further strengthen its market leadership with its broad industry insight and its exceptional talents. www.exyte.net
Job Summary
The Process Engineer I provides design and engineering support for the design of Process Systems. Process Systems included all Gases (Bulk and Specialty), Chemicals (Aqueous, Solvents, and Slurries), Waters (UPW), and Wastes (Acid, Fluoride, Ammonia, etc.) used in high-tech manufacturing facilities as well as all Clean and Support Utilities used in Life Sciences and Chemical Manufacturing.

Duties & Responsibilities
Participates in the creation of designs consistent with industry-accepted practices as well as client-preferred standards with minimal supervision
Supports the development of process flow diagrams, process and instrumentation diagrams, and pipe and equipment plans for all Process Systems with minimal support
Supports fluid flow and pressure modelling using advanced modelling systems such as pipe flow
Interacts with other internal disciplines, vendors and clients in coordination, design, and construction of process systems
Contributes to the development of the Process Knowledge Center and use information already developed by others in the process discipline
Other duties as assigned
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering or related field required
0+ years of experience
Good time management skills, strong work ethic and attention to details
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Exceptional organization and coordination skills
Strong team player with an ability to build effective working relationships
Energetic and self-motivated

Attractive salaries, supportive environments and excellent benefits allow for growth and career development with Exyte Group.

NO OUTSIDE RECRUITERS OR AGENCIES

Exyte Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. The Exyte Group provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, or genetic information.

n/a

