Project Engineer I

MEI Technologies

- Houston, TX 77058 (Pasadena area)

Overview
MEI Technologies is growing!
MEIT since 1992 is a nationwide technology company that has implemented process-oriented management and has redefined itself into the family-owned organization that offers innovative, best-value services and solutions within four focused capabilities: Engineering Services & Solutions, Modeling and Simulation, Space Systems, Design & Integration; and IT/Cyber Services & Solutions.

Why Choose MEIT??
At MEIT YOU WILL have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the brightest, most experienced engineering and technology experts in the U.S.!!
MEIT has established proven, quality work methods, including ISO, CMMI and AS9100 certifications.
MEIT stands by delivering what we promise with flexibility, quality and integrity to our employees and our customers.
MEIT reputation for entering a new markets, getting to work and generating immediate and impactful results.
With an abundance of collaborative individuals MEIT is an organization that provides the opportunity to truly reach your potential as a professional.

Job Title: HHPC – Project Engineer I
Location: Houston, TX
Relocation Assistance: Not at this time
Contact: Kristen Gaustad, Senior Technical Recruiter Kristen.Gaustad@meitechinc.com

Overview
The purpose/function of this Project Engineer position is to provide engineering support for the sustainment, fabrication, assembly, and testing of Water Transfer System (WTS) hardware for use on the International Space Station (ISS). This position requires the candidate to become well versed in the quality process for the development of controlled hardware, including the writing of Task Performance Sheets and disposition of Discrepancy Reports. The selected candidate will be responsible for processing ISS hardware, which includes procurement, assembly, test and delivery of WTS hardware in accordance with ISS schedules that are subject to change on a frequent basis. This position will require the candidate to be capable of reviewing and interpreting engineering drawings. The selected candidate will need to assume technical responsibility for the WTS hardware and complete component and system level testing. This position is in support of a larger project team and will receive task to task direction from a more senior project engineer or project manager. This position will require the candidate to oversee and participate in hands on hardware certification and testing activities. This position will require the candidate to demonstrate effective communication skills in working with the project, other project engineers, technical support staff and quality engineering personnel. Awareness of the Flight Hardware Development processes as outlined in EA-023 is considered a strength. This is an entry level position.

Responsibilities
Responsible for compliance with Safety, Health, and Environmental plan; must be committed to a high standard of safety and be willing and able to comply with all safety laws and the Company's safety policies/rules. Must be willing to report safety violations and potential safety violations to appropriate supervisory or management personnel.
Responsible for compliance with the Quality Assurance plan, policies and procedures
Must maintain regular and acceptable attendance level as determined by the Company
Responsible for completing all assigned training
Maintain Safety records and certifications
Use project requirement and verification documents to develop/modify assembly plans, develop/perform test strategies/planning, and produce test plans, test set-ups and procedures
Correlate test results and complete data analysis as required in a report format
Process hardware at Johnson Space Center
Interface with purchasing, quality, logistics, other HHPC stakeholders, and NASA stakeholders
Writing and dispositioning Task Performance Sheets and Discrepancy Reports
Troubleshooting discrepant hardware (ground and flight hardware)
Understand and execute process and procedures
Read, understand, and interpret engineering drawings
Complete functional, development, certification, acceptance, and interface testing
Will perform other duties and assignments as required
Qualifications
REQUIRED:
This position requires U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Resident Status
BS in Engineering from an accredited university
Must have with 0-2 years of related work experience
Must be able to work effectively in a team environment with minimal supervision, self-starter
Able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing (MS Office tools)
Ability to read and develop engineering drawings
Able to develop and clearly communicate information to technical forum
DESIRED:
NASA experience
BS in Mechanical, or Chemical Engineering from an accredited university with at least 0-2 years of related experience
IVA/EVA flight hardware fabrication/assembly experience
Knowledge of JSC Engineering processes
Prior experience in following established processes and procedures
Leadership experience

This position is not approved for relocation.

MEIT is an Equal Opportunity/M/F/disability/protected veteran employer.

n/a

