CAREER DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM (2020) - CHEMICAL ENGINEER

Air Products

- United States

Are you graduating in 2020 with a Bachelors or Masters degree in Chemical Engineering? Do you want to join a Fortune 500 company that is focused on your professional development? If so, apply today for our rotational program that has been around for over 50 years!

Our Career Development Program (CDP) is designed for entry-level chemical engineers with 0-2 years of experience. While on this 2-year, 3-assignment rotational program, participants are able to develop their engineering and professional skills as well as get a better understanding of their areas of interest and strengths. Typical assignments for chemical engineers include process engineering, plant operations, production engineering, project engineering, controls, and start-up engineering. At least one of the three assignments will be based in a plant location (relocation assistance is provided).

Learn more about the Career Development Program by visiting http://www.airproducts.com/Careers/career-paths/students-and-recent-graduates.aspx.

Qualifications:
Students graduating between December 2019-June 2020 who will receive a B.S. or M.S. degree in Chemical Engineering.
Strong academic performance; minimum GPA of 3.0.
Other important factors include relevant work experience, co-ops or internships, and involvement in campus activities.
Air Products CDP requires that B.S. and M.S. Chemical Engineering candidates are authorized to work indefinitely without restriction in the United States.
To learn more, visit About Air Products.
We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.). All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

n/a

