Global Manufacturing Process Engineer

Victaulic

- Easton, PA 18040

Position: Senior Manufacturing Process Engineer

Location: Victaulic Corporate Headquarters, Easton, PA

Reports to: Manager - Global Manufacturing Engineering
About Victaulic:
Victaulic, the global leader in mechanical pipe joining innovations, is searching for the best and brightest engineering talent in the industry. We're looking to add Engineers for our Global Manufacturing Process Team. . Victaulic is the world's leading producer of mechanical pipe joining solutions. The company has 14 manufacturing facilities and 29 branches worldwide with 4,200 employees who speak 43 languages across the globe. With over 1900 global patents, Victaulic solutions are at work in more than 140 countries across diverse business lines including oil and gas, chemical, mining, power generation, water and wastewater treatment, military and marine, as well as commercial building and fire protection.
Job Scope:
Engineer will be responsible for coordinating projects including production line design/startup, working closely with product engineering from concept through production implementation, and supporting initiatives at outlying facilities.
Responsibilities:
1) Design and develop lean/robust manufacturing processes and measurement plans for new products.
2) Develop and maintain process standards. Document with standard work instructions, PFMEA and controls plans for compliance with ISO 9001, agency and customer requirements.
3) Facilitate transfer of knowledge of best practice methods.
4) Support cost reduction initiatives through product design, process optimization, sourcing, and global process implementation.
5) Manage projects by efficiently working with operations, quality, accounting, product and facilities engineering, procurement and vendors.
6) Support and ensure compliance with safety, quality and environmental systems.
#CB
#IND1

Qualifications: (education, experience, skills, personal attributes):
1) Bachelor's degree ' Mechanical/Manufacturing Engineering is desired, but strong work experience can also satisfy this qualification.
3) Engineer will need strong skills in equipment/process design, problem solving, and new process development.
4) Experience in workflow analysis, lean and problem solving.
5) Ability to travel to support outlying facilities as needed.
6) Must possess good communication skills and be capable of working effectively with others.

n/a

