Process Development Engineer

Yield Engineering Systems

- Fremont, CA 94538

Process Development Engineer
Semiconductor/Advanced Packaging Areas Yield Engineering Systems (YES) has built process equipment for semiconductor, advanced packaging, Life Sciences, Optical, and related technical applications to meet the needs of innovative engineers for over 30 years. YES is conveniently located in Livermore, CA with access to major freeways and transit in the SF Bay Area. YES currently has an excellent opportunity for a career-minded Process Engineer with relevant experience and a bachelor’s degree (or higher) in chemistry, material Science, and/or engineering. In addition, the successful candidate will be trained on equipment that is custom-designed, serviced, and operated by YES.
Responsibilities
Contribute and run process development of new processes, hardware, and controls to develop new process, achieve improved film and productivity performance-specifically for cure, coat and PR strip/descum.
Optimize current processes for polymer cure, monolayer coat and PR strip/descum.
Create, plan and meet process project schedules
Manage process development equipment and metrology systems in Apps Lab
Characterize and document processes and films
Evaluate and report system performance (software/hardware)
Start up new processes at customer sites and transfer new technology to field process engineers
Work with customers and field personnel to define specific projects and execute CIP projects to improve process
Perform customer demos of new processes and report performance
Interface with customers to understand and solve their problems
Provide sales and marketing with technical support
Present and publish papers about your results
Apply statistical methods to the design of experiments. Create test plans for DOEs and process developments.
Define, write, and update process specifications, process instructions, BOMs etc.
Write test protocols, perform tests to fully characterize new equipment or processes utilizing DOE methodology or other statistically sound methods, then write completion reports.
Train, develop, and/or provide work direction to operators, technicians and junior level engineers.
Qualifications:
BS/MS/Ph.D. in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Physics, Material Science or Engineering, Electrical Engineering etc.
3+ years in semiconductor or Life Sciences related process engineering experience
In depth experience in CVD/PECVD/monolayer CVD
Previous Project management skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to interact and communicate effectively with a variety of personnel such as Manufacturing, Systems Engineering, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support. Strong teamwork skills
Ability to work independently and on own initiative to deal with customers and to analyze and solve process issues
Working understanding of quality statistical models and metrics (confidence/reliability intervals, DOE, regression/trending, SPC, acceptance plans).
Must be willing to travel internationally and domestically up to 20% of the time for system training and process installation and qualification.
Compensation: (Yield Engineering Systems Offer a Competitive Compensation Plan:
Position will be Hourly
Medical and Dental Plan
401k Plan
Excellent work environment (Clean and Lighted)
Controlled temperature environment (Heating and Air Conditioned)
Overall Compensation will be based on Experience, Education and Technical
Competency
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year
Experience:
Relevant: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
High school or equivalent (Preferred)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location

n/a

