Product and Process Development Engineer

MECO Corporation

- Greeneville, TN 37745

Who We Are?
For over 50 years Meco Corporation has serviced retailers nationally with consumer goods and answered the contract manufacturing needs of East Tennessee and Eastern United States with a commitment to quality and competitive costs that has made us trusted leaders in the industry. To learn more about our products and services visit www.mecocorp.com.
Why this Role?
The Product and Process Development Engineer position is responsible of providing technical, engineering and project coordination services closely integrated with production floor operations. This support may include, but is not limited to, new product development, transfer of manufacturing operations and manufacturing operations and production monitoring on a regular basis. This role will be located at our Greenville, Tennessee location and will report to the Director of Product Development.
What You’ll Do
Analyzes and plans work force utilization, space requirements, workflow, and designs layout of equipment and workspace for maximum efficiency.
Confers with management, engineering, or other staff regarding manufacturing capabilities, production schedules and other considerations to facilitate production process.
Confers with vendors to determine product specifications and arrange for purchase of equipment, materials, or parts and evaluates products according to specifications and quality standards.
Interpret engineering drawings and CAD data to construct and/or inspect product or samples to confirm compliance to the specification.
Assist and/or conduct performance testing and evaluation of samples, including but not limited to, mechanical testing, package testing, cosmetic evaluation and other product testing.
Perform root cause problem solving to implement corrective actions for production related problems.
Ensure new products are reliable, have manufacturability and are supportable while meeting cost and quality goals.
Provide 2D and 3D drawings, assemblies, detailed drawings and quality specifications as required.
Monitor prototype sample builds and conduct/monitor testing and evaluation.
What You Bring:
Confident decision making
Ability to act quickly
Effective planning skills
Mechanical Aptitude
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or related technical field
What Would Make Us Excited About You?
Minimum of three-year experience in engineering or other technical field in the production environment.
Experience with tool setup and press operations.
Automotive, OEM or contract manufacturing experience.
Experience in related manufacturing processes (stamping/stamping design/welding/assembly/CNC machining/ CNC programming/fixture design/powder painting)
Experience Pro-Engineering Wildfire and/or Solidworks
What We Offer:
A competitive salary and a fantastic range of benefits designed to help support your lifestyle and wellbeing.
A multifaceted job with a high degree of responsibility and a broad spectrum of opportunities.
A broad range of professional education and personal development possibilities
A work environment built on collaboration, flexibility, and respect.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $62,000.00 to $65,000.00 /year
Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Preferred)

n/a

