Quality Engineer - Metallurgist

United States Steel

- Fairfield, AL

Unites States Steel Tubular produces seamless steel pipe manufactured for OCTG (Oil Country Tubular Goods) and S&L (Standard and Line) customers. United States Steel Tubular is seeking a Quality Assurance Engineer who will be responsible for implementing the quality assurance program at its EAF and Casting Operations in Fairfield AL, including partnering with the Operations team to monitor for adherence to quality standards. Specific duties of the position include:

Review and comply with customer specifications.
Provide metallurgical technical support to Operations management.
Identify process changes for quality improvements and analysis of process and product data.
Perform quality audits and manage the quality system.
Provide the producing facility with technical and quality systems support, including rejection analysis, and process improvement recommendations.
Apply education/technical experience and utilize problem solving and continuous improvement skills.
Provide technical service to internal customers in physical and metallurgical characteristics of process and products and quality control.
Develop and review various quality reports, conduct various quality meetings, perform daily audits to ensure operation is running within defined operation/quality parameters and procedures.
Write, train, and comply to plant quality systems based on ISO 9001 and API Q1

Requirements:

Technical degree such as Bachelor's degree in Metallurgical Engineering, Material Science Engineering or Chemical Engineering required.
Experience working in an EAF Steelmaking process and/or Continuous Casting process.
Skills in developing collaborative relationships to achieve results, analysis, continuous improvement and verbal and written technical communication.
Good verbal communication skills, including the ability to train in group settings and present to high level management.
Familiarity with ISO 9001 and API Q1 quality system requirements is a plus.
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of fundamental steel and slag treatment
Knowledge of steel continuous casting
Knowledge of OES chemistry analysis
Knowledge of computer process modeling
Basic Lean 6 sigma training
Excellent mathematical reasoning ability
Auto req ID
9963BR
Requisition Type
US-Exempt
Mid-Level
U. S. STEEL TUBULAR PRODUCTS METALLURGY & QA
Work Location
Fairfield Works - Tubular
Country
United States
Work Location - City
Fairfield
State/Province
US - AL
Company Overview
Steel is essential to advancing modern society. In fact, countless aspects of our lives wouldn’t be possible without it. From state-of-the-art household appliances and safer, more fuel-efficient automobiles — to steel framing that makes our homes stronger and tubular products that support the development of our nation’s energy resources — our products build quality of life for people around the world. U. S. Steel is on an exciting transformational journey to become the iconic corporation — a company set apart from the competition through the talent of our people, the quality of our product, and the strength of our performance. We are seeking talented, motivated people to help us create the next generation of U. S. Steel, known for consistently out-performing the competition, delivering superior returns, and creating value for our customers as a world-class supplier of innovative steel products and solutions.
Competency Summary
As an individual contributor, qualified candidates for this role also must demonstrate the ability to champion change and effective communication while contributing to team success.
Equal Employment Opportunity
U. S. Steel is a principled company committed to its core values of safety, diversity & inclusion, environmental stewardship, results focus & accountability. We focus on our customers, driving quality and ensuring cost effectiveness. We promote an environment of respect, transparency and collaboration – encouraging new ideas that drive innovation and our collective success. U. S. Steel is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) according to job qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, disability status or status as a protected Veteran or any other legally protected group status.
Company
U. S. Steel Seamless Tubular Operations, LLC

n/a

