https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=651de0568eccff2c&fccid=7eb0ae92a6869041&vjs=3

Programmer

State of West Virginia

- Kanawha County, WV

Nature of Work
Continuous Recruitment, Select Locations: The DOP anticipates several vacancies in the near future for this classification. This recruitment is not for a specific vacancy but to generate a pool of interested applicants. Positions are located in Kanawha County with several different state agencies.

Nature of Work: Programmers may work in various dimensions of software development including database, traditional programming, mainframe/timeshare systems, modern development tools and historical maintenance. Applicants with experience in a wide variety of operating systems, computer programming languages, or software tools are encouraged to review the minimum qualifications and apply if interested.

Under close supervision, performs work at the trainee/entry level in computer programming, using clearly defined program specifications and instructions. Codes application programs, and prepares documentation of work produced. An irregular work schedule may be required of this position. Performs related work as required.

Distinguishing Characteristics: This is an entry level programming position. Work is checked on a regular basis. Work assignments consist primarily of coding assignments and the projects are well-defined. As additional skills are demonstrated, the employee is given more latitude to perform with less supervision.

IMPORTANT: Your eligible score will be based on information provided in your application; therefore, make sure your application is detailed and complete. You may attach a resume and other documents; however, you should NEVER enter "See Resume" on the application. You MUST complete ALL parts of the application, including the Work Experience section. NOTE: Jobs on your application that do not have a salary amount will be considered volunteer and will NOT be counted as qualifying. Estimate salary if necessary.

Eligibility Length: This posting is for a Continuous recruitment because of an expected need for applicants. Applicants will be placed on a database of eligible applicants for 1 year. You will only be eligible for vacancies in counties you select. After 1 year applicants who remain interested in this job title MUST re-apply to be considered. The Division of Personnel cannot say with any certainty the location or number of future vacancies, only that the agency has expressed an anticipated hiring need. If an applicant wishes more specific information about future hiring plans please contact the hiring agency directly.

Job Interest Card: You may complete an online Job Interest Card at our main jobs page to receive an email notice anytime jobs not currently available for application are posted. Note: ONLY recruitments not currently open will appear on Job Interest Card notifications so please check the current listings thoroughly to avoid missing an opportunity.

As a condition of employment, an inquiry into job-related information will be completed which may include, but not limited to, criminal records, abuse registry records, driving records, employment history, and education and training. Failing to cooperate with this process, providing false and incomplete information, or discovery of disqualifying information will result in denial of or dismissal from employment or denial of transfer irrespective of when discovered.
Examples of Work

Receives on-the-job training and acquires knowledge of the function and capabilities of the data processing equipment and the departmental requirements for data processing.
Reviews program specifications or clearly-defined instructions; codes program into designated computer language; debugs program by desk checking; runs compiler program for diagnostic errors; tests program using test data; corrects logic errors and prepares program documentation.
Assists more experienced programmers in the development and maintenance of programs.
Participates in self-study programs and vendor supplied courses.
Reviews and modifies existing computer programs of limited complexity.
Performs routine duties such as keying programs, creating or changing job control language, maintaining documentation, up-dating data processing manuals.
May attend user meetings under the guidance of a programmer analyst.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Knowledge of computer programming language.
Knowledge of basic mathematical computations.
Knowledge of basic data processing concepts and data processing equipment usage.
Ability to code entry level computer programs.
Ability to present ideas in a clear, concise format using narrative statements and logic diagrams.
Ability to maintain effective working relationships with data processing personnel and user agency personnel.
Ability to understand technical manuals.
Ability to follow written and oral instructions.
Minimum Qualifications
Training:
An Associate Degree in computer science or related field including but not limited to business data programming, business systems analysis, computer accounting, computer and information systems, computer servicing technologies, information systems management, data processing, or computer engineering from an accredited college, university or business school.
Substitution:
Two years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid computer programming experience in one or more programming or data base languages may substitute for the required training on a year-for-year basis.
NOTICE: If you are claiming college or other post-high school education or license, you MUST attach or provide by mail a legible copy of your OFFICIAL education transcript, license or training record. YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR EMPLOYMENT UNTIL THIS VERIFICATION HAS BEEN RECEIVED. To avoid missing a job opportunity, it is important that you provide this verification as soon as possible. You only have to provide this verification one time. It is not required with every application. Attach documents to the online application, or via email to: applicantservices@wv.gov, FAX: 304-957-0396, or mail to: Division of Personnel, Building 3, Suite 500, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305.

n/a

