https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=605bd3443ddcd4da&fccid=985b0c9e1e3b8bc0&vjs=3

Summer Enrichment Instructor - STEM & Technology

Black Rocket Productions

- Fort Collins, CO 80521

Job Description:
Become a Rocketeer!
We think we're preparing kids for tomorrow. Kids just think it's cool!
Are you passionate about Video Games, Coding, Python, Roblox™, App Design, Digital Movies, Robotics, Drones, Minecraft™ or STEM?
We are seeking enthusiastic, motivated and talented individuals to work as:
Lead Instructors
Assistant Instructors
This is a summer seasonal position from 4 to 9 weeks depending on the position. We have multiple partner locations around the country. Instructors and Assistants must be at least 18 years (assistant) or 21 years of age (instructors). This is a perfect job for K12 Teachers (any subject/grade), college students, or content experts (programmers & gamers). No experience is required. Black Rocket will TRAIN you! Get paid to build your resume and have a ton of fun. Training is paid and mostly online in the month of May and June. For more information see our website,
http://www.blackrocket.com/jobs/
Who is Black Rocket?
Black Rocket provides unique enrichment and educational programs to children and young adults. Our distinct programs in Creative Sciences and Digital Arts focus on the intersection of creativity and technology. Each course emphasizes self-empowerment, cognitive reasoning, and divergent thinking through hands-on learning. Whether in the classroom or the cloud, we believe every human being is unique in their ability and talents. Black Rocket's mission is to help ignite, unleash, and enhance these distinct talents.
TOP 5 Reasons to Become a Rocketeer
A Leader in Digital Arts Education: Teach exciting classes like Minecraft, video game creation, movie making, animation, robotics, 3D modeling, STEM, and MORE!
Convenient Locations: We have multiple locations in over 30 state states!
No experience required to apply: We train teachers, college students and content area experts on technology and instruction: You provide the desire to work with children using technology and creativity!
Flexible scheduling: Work from 4 weeks up to 10 weeks this summer!
Gain Valuable Experience: Build your resume while having a ton of fun this summer.
**We will only review applications submitted online. Please do not send information or submit inquiries via email or phone.
Please know that we begin recruiting for summer positions in December and positions are filled on a 'rolling' basis.

Required Experience:
Instructors and Assistants must be at least 18 years (assistant) or 21 years of age (instructors). This is a perfect job for K12 Teachers (any subject/grade), college students, or content experts (programmers & gamers). No experience is required. Black Rocket will TRAIN you!
From: Black Rocket Productions

n/a

