Associate Scientist, Process Engineering

GSK

- Collegeville, PA 19426

Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Oct 28 2019
Materials Science provides holistic understanding of how structure influences particle and powder properties to design a particle process which optimises drug product processing and performance. As projects advance through development, materials scientists support project teams by performing laboratory studies, analyzing data and supporting plant campaigns, from lead optimization up to and including the transfer and industrialization of manufacturing processes to commercial facilities. The role is fast-paced and dynamic as you may be working on a number of multi-disciplinary teams.
Key Responsibilities:
Execute laboratory protocols and experiments to link the structural properties of an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) to its performance downstream in order to inform R&D decision making
Develop process models which demonstrate predictive capability and first-principles process understanding.
Work effectively and collaboratively on multi-disciplinary development teams, alongside Chemists, Chemical Analysts, Engineers, Modelers and Material Scientists
Perform data management and some data interpretation, recording results effectively and communicating results in technical reports. Effectively present at internal meetings. May participate in technical reviews on projects.
Comply with local regulatory and data integrity requirements, including cGMP and GSK policies and procedures, with high quality and attention to one’s own safety.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Bachelors degree in chemical engineering or a related field
Working knowledge of physical and organic chemistry
Experience in a lab based setting
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Experience in physical characterization
Experience in process modelling
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.

n/a

