Chemical Engineer I

Honeywell

- Kansas City, MO 64147 (Richards Gebaur area)

Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
The future is what you make it.
When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future. Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all of our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.
Are you ready to help us make the future?
Honeywell’s Federal Manufacturing & Technologies business manages the U. S. Department of Energy’s Kansas City National Security Campus in Missouri and New Mexico, manufacturing sophisticated mechanical, electronic and engineered-material components for our nation's defense system. Honeywell is on the leading edge of supplying engineering and manufacturing expertise for our nation's defense and national security.
In this role, you will perform routine engineering functions on assigned projects or sub-projects of a general nature and entry level scope by applying standard mathematical, physical science, and/or chemical, plastic or similar engineering technologies.
Key Responsibilities
Define and acquire tooling, gauging and other equipment necessary to manufacture parts and to assure product quality.
Interact with design agencies, suppliers and/or internal organizations to assist in resolving design, development, productions and acceptance issues.
Participate in establishing operating procedures on new products and components
Provide Technical assistance and engineering support.
We invite you to discover for yourself why a career with Honeywell is the opportunity you've been looking for!
YOU MUST HAVE
Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering or Chemical Engineering field
Must have graduated, from an accredited college or university, since December 2018, or will graduate by August 2020
Must have obtained degree within 12 months of the date of hire
This position requires U.S. citizenship and ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance, due to ITAR restrictions
Knowledge of continuous improvement methodologies including Six Sigma
Effective communication skills for interacting at all levels of the business, including verbal, written and presentation skills
Applied knowledge of standard office and engineering desktop systems and applications
Willingness to travel
Additional Information
Category: Engineering
Location: 14520 Botts Road, Kansas City, MO 64147 USA
Exempt
Must have or be eligible for a security clearance due to contractual requirements.

n/a

