Converting Process Engineer

Sofidel

- Haines City, FL 33844

The Sofidel Group is one of the leading manufacturers of paper for hygienic and domestic use worldwide. Established in 1966, the Group has subsidiaries in 13 countries – Italy, Spain, the UK, France, Belgium, Germany, Sweden, Poland, Hungary, Greece, Romania, Turkey and the USA - with more than 6,000 employees.
The North American Headquarters for Sofidel is in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania with plants operating in 7 states (Florida, Wisconsin, Nevada, Oklahoma, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Mississippi) as a tissue paper manufacturer for Consumer and Away-from-Home products.
We are currently looking for a Converting Process Engineer for our Haines City facility.
SCOPE:
The Process Engineer Manager is responsible to plan, implement, monitor, organize, and direct the engineering and development of economical industrial processes to assure the manufacturing of tissue paper rolls and tissue paper products. The work involves chemical and biochemical processes in which raw materials undergo change, and involves scaling up processes from the laboratory into the manufacturing plant. Responsibilities involve understanding the reactions taking place in the paper making process, installing control systems, and starting, running and upgrading the processes. Environmental protection and health and safety aspects are also significant concerns. Continuously supports Sofidel’s Employee Personal Practice Policy.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Supports Sofidel America’s Good Manufacturing Practices and HACCP to promote a safe, sanitary and hygienically sound workplace.
Assessing processes for their relevance, and assessing the adequacy of engineering equipment.
Reviewing existing data to see if more research and information need to be collated.
Conducting process development experiments to scale in a laboratory when required.
Preparing reports, flow diagrams and charts.
Assessing the availability of raw materials and the safety and environmental impact of the plant.
Managing the cost and time constraints of projects supplies.
Selecting, managing and working with sub-contractors when required.
Assuming responsibility for risk assessment, including hazard and operability (HAZOP) studies, for the health and safety of both company staff and the wider community.
Working closely with vendors and contractors to monitor and improve the efficiency, output and safety of the plant.
Ensuring the process works at the optimum level, to the right rate and quality of output, in order to meet supply needs.
Making observations and taking measurements directly, as well as collecting and interpreting data from the other technical and operating staff involved.
Assuming responsibility for environmental monitoring and ongoing performance of processes and process plant.
Ensuring that all aspects of an operation or process meet specified regulations.

Will assist Quality Assurance and Safety Department in the following:
Problem solving
Process Improvements
OTHER DUTIES MAY INCLUDE:
Perform or assist with any operations, as required to maintain workflow and to meet schedules and quality requirements. Notify supervision of unusual equipment or operating problems and the need for additional material and supplies.
Maintain safe work area and comply with safety procedures and equipment operating rules keeping work area in a clean and orderly condition.
Participate in any variety of meetings and work groups to integrate activities, communicate issues, obtain approvals, resolve problems and maintain specified level of knowledge pertaining to new developments, requirements, policies, and regulatory guidelines.
Perform other related duties as assigned.
TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT USED:
Computer and peripherals, standard and customized software applications and tools, and usual office equipment.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering and three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Language Ability:
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and quality and procedure manuals
Math Ability:
Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.
Benefits:
Competitive Salary
Company Paid Medical Benefits
PTO & Vacation
401K
Career Advancement
Equal Opportunity Employer Statement:
Sofidel is an equal opportunity employer.
Sofidel is committed to the spirit and letter of all federal, state, and local laws and regulations pertaining to equal opportunity. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, employment decision at the company will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. The company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or other protected status. This policy extends to all terms, conditions and privileges of employment, as well as the use of all Sofidel facilities.
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law GINA Supplement

n/a

