Entry-Level Chemical Engineer

Burns & McDonnell

- Houston, TX

Description
Our Chemical Engineers are responsible for performing tasks requiring the application of standard chemical engineering techniques and procedures.This includes standard design of chemical systems, correcting and updating designs, assisting lead engineers with various project duties, and other duties as assigned.
Opportunities for our Chemical Engineers exist in multiple market segments and locations.Market segments include Energy, Environmental, Food & Consumer Products, Oil, Gas, & Chemical, and Water. Specific assignments and project work varies depending on the market segments and locations.Please see below for information on each market:
Energy
Work includes analysis and design of new process related equipment for new power-generating facilities, as well as upgrades to existing facilities.Typical equipment and systems include wet and semi-dry FGD systems, electrostatic precipitators, selective catalytic reduction systems, water treatment equipment, fabric filter particulate removal systems, and other related systems in and around a power generation facility.Systems include water treatment systems and air pollution control systems for coal and gas fired power plants.
Environmental
Provide assistance in air and noise services in the power, industrial, commercial, transportation and manufacturing industries.This includes performing air and noise quality analyses and permitting, environmental regulatory analysis and interpretation of environmental regulations.
Food and Consumer Products
Provide assistance in chemical engineering services in the food and consumer products industries.Various project duties including development of heat and material balance calculations, preparation of Process Flow Diagrams (PFDs), Piping and Instrumentation Diagrams (P&IDs), equipment specifications and purchase packages, equipment general arraignments, piping layout and design, and development of construction scoping documents.
Oil, Gas, and Chemical
Work includes process design activities for oil refinery and petrochemical facilities, chemical, biofuel and industrial facilities, terminal and pipeline facilities, as well as upgrades/expansions to existing facilities. Various project duties including process simulation, development of heat and material balance calculations, and preparation of Process Flow Diagrams (PFDs) and Piping and Instrumentation Diagrams (P&IDs).
Water
Work includes design of water and/or wastewater facilities, performs feasibility and water balance studies for waste minimization and water re-use, assesses the soundness of proposed applications relative to fundamental engineering principals, evaluates and selects treatment processes, develops treatment plant layouts, specifies equipment and materials, and assists senior staff in the execution of projects.
Qualifications
Pursuit of Bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from an accredited program.
Successful completion of FE/EIT strongly preferred.
Minimum of a 3.0 GPA strongly preferred.
Prior internship and/or related consulting experience preferred.
Involvement on campus or in the community.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong problem solving and analytical skills.
Demonstrated leadership skills.
Candidates must be legally authorized to work permanently (i.e. without time limitations, without restrictions or without need for work sponsorship) in the country where this position is located.
EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Job Chemical Engineering
Primary Location US-MO-Kansas City
Other Locations US-MO-Saint Louis, US-TX-Houston
Schedule: Full-time
Travel: Yes, 50 % of the Time
About Burns & McDonnell
Burns & McDonnell is making the world a better place every day. When we take on some of the world’s toughest challenges, we’re putting the industry’s best thinking to work, striving to create amazing success for our clients and amazing careers for our employee-owners. Our staff of more than 7,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, scientists, consultants and business professionals is constantly growing.
We have offices and projects across the U.S. and around the globe. We are proud to rank among FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our culture, powered by 100% employee ownership, plays a major role in getting us there. Each employee brings a high level of commitment to every project. Clients have shown their appreciation of this dedication, rewarding us with a 90% repeat business rate and decades-long partnerships. That’s pretty cool for a firm that started as a small engineering consulting shop back in 1898.
At Burns & McDonnell, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference while fulfilling your personal and professional ambitions. Our entrepreneurial culture lets you guide your destiny and shape the path your career travels. And with hundreds of service specialties, your career and development options are endless.
Are you ready to create amazing?
Burns & McDonnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Req ID: 191707
LIDNI COR

n/a

