Environmental Engineer, Entry Level

Naval Nuclear Laboratory

- Idaho Falls, ID 83415

Description
Are you looking for a challenging and stimulating opportunity in which you are able to expand your knowledge base? The Naval Reactors Facilities (NRF) has such an opportunity for an entry/junior level Environmental Engineer/Scientist. You would also have the bonus of supporting our nation's Naval fleet. Interested and want to know more?
NRF is located in scenic southeastern Idaho, close to Yellowstone Park; Jackson Hole, Wyoming; Salt Lake City, Utah, and is known for world-class skiing/boarding, camping, hiking, and fishing. NRF's mission is to provide unique capabilities to process and examine Naval nuclear fuel and materials to maintain the superiority of the United States Navy.
At NRF, we believe that our employees are our biggest asset!
Our company offers a competitive compensation package and takes pride in our mentoring and training programs, flexible work hours, and diversity and inclusion program.
As an Environmental Engineer/Scientist at NRF, you would (may include, but not limited to):
Team with the operations groups to provide insight/interpretation of environmental regulations and/or assist in the development of a more efficient means of executing work.
Ensure that all operations are conducted in a manner that ensures compliance with all environmental requirements and provides and maintains safe and healthy working conditions.
Protect our customers while maintaining compliance with state and federal environmental regulations. Our customers are the Environment, our nation's sailors, the public, our co-workers.
Oversee work activities, environmental monitoring, regulatory and data analysis, and regulatory report writing.
Perform environmental assessments.
Support the NRF training organization.
Requirements
Associate: BS degree in engineering or Bachelor's degree in a science related field from an accredited college or university
Intermediate: BS degree in engineering or Bachelor's degree in a science related field from an accredited college or university and a minimum of two years relevant experience; or MS degree in engineering or Master's degree in a science related field from an accredited college or university and a minimum of one year relevant experience
Strong written and oral communication skills to interact with NRF personnel, federal and state government officials, and/or subcontractors
Preferred Skills
Degree in: Environmental Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Geology, Hydrology
Knowledge and/or experience with EPA regulations

n/a

