Manufacturing Engineer I

Boston Scientific Corporation

- Maple Grove, MN 55311

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth
At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.
About The Role:
Provide support to the manufacturing organization by facilitating efficient operations within the production area, to optimize existing processes, and to ensure that production goals are met. Monitors performance of equipment, machines and tools and corrects equipment problems or process parameters that produce non-conforming products, low yields or product quality issues. Interfaces with Production, Quality, Process Development, and Research and Development organizations to integrate new products or processes into the existing manufacturing area.
This role will support the Coatings and Packaging team within Maple Grove Operations.
Your Responsibilities Will Include:
Initiates and completes technical activities leading to new or improved products or process, for current programs, next generation programs and to meet strategic goals and objectives of the company. Prepares reports, publishes, and makes presentations to communicate findings.
Analyzes and solves problems from basic engineering principles, theories and concepts through to a wide range of complex and advanced problems which require novel and new innovative approaches or a major breakthrough in technology.
Understands engineering principles theories, concepts, practices and techniques. Develops knowledge in a field to become a recognized leader or authority in an area of specialization and applies this knowledge in leadership roles in the company.
Incorporates business policies and procedures into task completion. Understands the business needs of the company, and has knowledge of the customer needs of our business. Understands the business cycle and foresight of emerging technologies trends.
Cultivates internal and external network of resources to complete tasks. Serves as a resource in the selection, orientation and training of new engineers and employees. May lead a project team, determining goals and objectives for the projects. Mentors employees by sharing technical expertise and providing feedback and guidance.
Interacts cross functionally and with internal and external customers. Serves as a consultant for engineering or scientific interpretations and advice on significant matters. Acts as a spokesperson to customers on business unit current and future capabilities.
Work with vendors/suppliers to design and procure tooling, fixtures, and/or equipment
Train and provide technical support or direction to product builders, technicians and peers
Identify and execute Value Improvement (VIP), DMAIC and other projects. Lead projects with cross functional team members working towards a common goal.
Collect data and perform statistical analysis for process characterization, Cpk, and scrap reduction goals.
What We’re Looking For In You:
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor Degree in Engineering discipline (preferably Chemical, Mechanical, or Manufacturing Engineering)
0-2 years’ experience in a manufacturing environment (preferably medical device industry)
Engages in day-to-day operations and is driven by a natural curiosity to solve problems.
Develops creative solutions individually and collaboratively draws ideas from cross functional teams. Advocates for his or her ideas with passion while listening to and considering the ideas of the team.
Is a positive agent for change, not bound by the way things are or have always been done.
Takes initiative to identify improvement opportunities, prioritize them, communicate them to the appropriate levels and sees them through to completion.
Is resilient in the face of setbacks. Plans appropriately for risks and responds positively to unforeseen problems.
Preferred Qualifications:
Project management, processing, validation and manufacturing line support experience preferred
About us
As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.
Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Requisition ID: 453205

Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis
Job Segment: Industrial, Medical, Manufacturing Engineer, Engineer, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Engineering

n/a

