Manufacturing Engineer

JACAM CATALYST

- Gardendale, TX

Our oilfield chemical service company needs an experienced manufacturing engineer to join our team. The engineer will direct our maintenance team and work with our manufacturing workers to prevent waste and inefficiency. The engineer will design equipment, work with the maintenance team on preventative maintenance and repair, and work with the lab on quality control. We’re looking for a precision-oriented professional with highly developed leadership qualities and the ability to work efficiently and within budget. We’re looking for someone who enjoys contributing to an innovative, fast-paced team. We offer competitive salaries and excellent benefits.
Responsibilities and Skills:
Review production information to understand methods and activities in manufacturing and services. This includes, but is not limited to, production schedules, process flows and engineering specs.
Design control systems to minimize and resolve production issues and project costs.
Create systems and plan production to ensure all products meet quality control standards.
Develop standards for production and design by working with clients and management.
Evaluate existing manufacturing processes and workflows to identify areas that could benefit from changes and improvements
Knowledge of production processes, costs, quality control, raw materials and other methods for maximizing the efficient manufacture and distribution of goods.
*
Advanced knowledge of machines and tools, their designs, uses, repair and maintenance.
Knowledge of the ways various systems interact and how changes in operations, the environment and other conditions will affect outcomes.
Ability to design and understand precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings and models.
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Industrial, or Chemical Engineering required
*
Strong organizational, analytical and communication skills
Proficient with Windows operating systems and Microsoft Office programs
Experience with CAD programs a plus
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Manufacturing Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Signing bonus
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Relocation assistance
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday

n/a

