Process Engineer

Tech Ord - A Division of AMTEC Corporation

- Clear Lake, SD 57226

Reports to: Director of Project Engineering
Work Location: Clear Lake, SD
Exempt Status: Exempt
Salary Range: DOE
Job Summary: the Process Engineer will be responsible for the technical and safety related management of products and processes.
Essential Job Functions:
Evaluate facility processes to identify hazards and opportunities for improvement.
Collect process safety information and lead process hazard analysis evaluations.
Design and validate safety controls such as shielding, interlocks, PPE, standard operating procedures, etc.
Create, review and revise technical data packages.
Perform analysis of product and/or process design to be implemented in production.
Write procedures and work instructions for Production to perform.
Review customer contracts to determine product specifications and/or needed details.
Work with others in the bid proposal process and its activities to secure customer sales.
Participate in, even lead, the Corrective Action Request process with other support groups.
Knowledge and Skills:
Permanent resident of the United States (ITAR restrictions)
Must be eligible to possess explosive under the Safe Explosives Act of 2003 (as amended) as required by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco & Firearms (ATF) for all employees of Tech Ord.
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering from a college or university; or three to five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Knowledge and understanding of failure analysis techniques and tools.
Ability to conduct Failure Mode Effect Analysis (FMEA)/Process Failure Mode Effect Analysis (PFMEA) preventive activities.
Experience and/or exposure to an OSHA Process Safety Management (PSM) regulated work environment preferred.
Experience with ammunitions, arms and explosives design and/or development for Department of Defense (DOD) preferred.
Ability to interface with customers effectively and efficiently through various communication means: verbal, written, presentation-style and onsite visits.
Strong knowledge of manufacturing processes.
Implementation of procedures.
Understanding of ISO requirements.
Ability to work with peers and other employees at all levels of the organization.
Ability to multi-task in support of end-result/goal.
Excellent organization skills.
Ability to set and establish priorities.
Communicate and document effectively in English.
Performs other work-related duties as assigned.
Physical Requirements and Work Environment
The description of the physical demands and the work environment characteristics here represent those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform and those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job:
Ability to talk or hear.
Required to sit 70% of the workday.
Frequently required to stand; walk.
Must be able to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms;
Minimal lifting is required, 10 pounds, with assistance and/or move up to 50 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus when viewing a computer monitor.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, risk of electrical shock, and explosives.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. However, on some instances this job may require work in areas where ear protection is necessary.
This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbents will possess the skills aptitudes and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills or abilities.
This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.
Job Type: Full-time
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement

n/a

