Process Engineer (Continuous Improvement)

Mondelēz International

- Chicago, IL 60631 (Norwood Park area)

Description
Mondelēz International, Inc. empowers people to snack right in over 160 countries around the world. We're leading the future of snacking with iconic brands such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. Our 90,000+ colleagues around the world are key to the success of our business. Great people and great brands. That’s who we are.
Join us on our mission to continue leading the future of snacking around the world by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. It’s time for you to Make It with Mondelēz International.
Manufacturing

As part of Manufacturing, you’ll use your skills, our systems and a wide array of raw materials to help create the delicious finished products our consumers love. While taking ownership in your area of work, you’ll also ensure the safety of yourself and your colleagues while producing our top-quality products reliably and efficiently within our integrated supply chain.

Purpose of Role

The Process Engineer is responsible for loss analysis, loss intelligence and loss elimination throughout the Operation. Process Engineers work with Leadership and Core Teams to build capability and engagement, to support the Core in achieving performance improvement goals (safety, quality, delivery and cost.)
Participation in the daily, monthly and annual loss analysis process, to track performance and develop plans and actions to meet or exceed site targets is an essential part of the role. The key skills of a Process Engineer are root cause analysis, change management and coaching others. These skills are developed and grown as part of the Focused Improvement Pillar of the Integrated Lean Six Sigma program. The Process Engineer also leads various teams responsible for identifying, documenting and controlling best practices in their functional area. The Process Engineer employs a logical approach; is driven, accountable, and understands the value of bringing science and engineering to manufacturing. This includes assuring permanent achievement of high quality products by managing all aspects related to the manufacturing process (process routes, process technologies and parameters, process related procedures and work instructions, compliance with standard recipes, GMP). Process Engineers are strong agents of change and possesses the ability to lead and motivate others.

Key Accountabilities

Demonstrate the following competencies: ability to lead and motivate others, problem solving, decision making, results driven, accountable and excellent communication skills.
Support all plant safety initiatives related to line processes.
Engage in Daily Management System Meetings to lead plans for loss analysis and loss elimination.
Lead, coach core teams to identify and analyze losses and develop solutions and control plans; using Lean Tools such as 5 Whys, Six Sigma tools such as Pareto and FMEA along with focused improvement tools such as bottleneck analysis, and driver tree methodology.
Support waste reductions initiatives such as War on Waste, Manufacturing Standards and World Class Scrap/Water Programs, Over Pack attainment
Provide technical support to develop new cost saving programs and execute active projects.
Lead the activities to document and capture best operating practices, centerline equipment and build capability in the core teams, proactively communicate key learnings to enable best practice replication.
Analyze performance data to support day-to-day Global Efficiency and changeover loss intelligence and problem analysis.
Actively support R&D and Engineering for all development programs targeting process equipment, new products, recipes, technologies and packaging.
Provide technical support on production and equipment requirements for raw materials and finished goods, standards and specifications, standards of raw materials costs, types of defects and how to prevent them.
Identify and plan Kaizen/Performance Improvement activities such as speed increase, minor stop reduction, scrap reduction, labor efficiency improvement.
Ensure teams understand and report on Key Performance Indicators such as Safety, Quality, Global Efficiency, Downtime, and Consumer Complaints.
Support new product introduction and major capital initiatives, providing performance data analysis to ensure product and delivery standards are met.
Other related duties as assigned
Qualifications
Bachelors’ Degree in Food Science, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry or Food Engineering or similar degree preferred or relevant years’ experience
Production, Process or Continuous Improvement experience within Food Manufacturing preferred
Familiar with FDA and USDA regulations and requirements
Previous experience leading, motivating and engaging teams preferred
Knowledge of Integrated Lean Six Sigma Work Systems helpful
Knowledge of Measurement Methods and Statistical Analysis
Green Belt/Black Belt preferred but not required
Project Management experience is preferred
Ability to challenge the status quo and work collaboratively between functions
Ability to work independently and drive results critical
Must have Microsoft Suite expertise
Mondelēz Global LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Applicants who require accommodation to participate in the job application process may contact 847-943-5460 for assistance.

Applicants must complete all required steps in the application process, including providing a Resume/CV, in order to be considered for this position.

n/a

