Process Development Engineer

Boston Scientific Corporation

- Spencer, IN 47460

Additional Locations: (n/a)
Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth
At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.
About the Role
This position is responsible for the development of manufacturing processes that are required to launch new products. It ensures the efficient and effective transfer of new products into production.
Your responsibilities will include:
Design, develop and implement manufacturing processes for new single-use medical devices.
Perform Design of Experiments for process definition and to optimize equipment parameters.
Create documentation to support new and improved manufacturing processes.
Use of Six Sigma, Lean, Design for Manufacturability, and Mistake Proofing methodologies.
Conduct equipment validations (IQ), process validations (OQ/PQ), test method validations (TMV).
Interface directly with assemblers, production supervisors, tech leads, engineers and management daily.
Coordinate suppliers and external resources as needed to develop new processes.
Work as part of a cross-functional team.
Facilitate excellent communication between all team members.
Assess process capabilities and where necessary improve processes on derivative projects.
Apply technical knowledge to develop sound equipment, tooling, and processes.
Participate in technical reviews.
Collaborate to ensure proper documentation is completed to meet quality systems requirements. (e.g., GOIs, BOM’s, Routers, FMEA’s, etc.)
Coordinate development builds using non-standard work requests.
Maintain equipment and tooling during development.
Contribute/generate ideas for Intellectual Property submissions.
Execute functional deliverables associated with BSC Quality Systems.
Must comply with requirements of ISO 14001, Design Control, and BSC Environmental, Health and Safety standards and follow procedures and instructions related to these standards.
Establish and support a work environment of continuous improvement that supports BSC’s Quality Policy, Quality System and appropriate regulations for the area they support.
Solve technical problems in the process and design.
Make and present engineering decisions.
Collaborate in all aspects of Design Transfer and launching new processes into operations (e.g. operator training, line set up, inventory, material presentation, build scheduling, and transferring responsibility to the manufacturing engineering support team).
What we’re looking for in you:
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering discipline
Excellent mechanical aptitude, communication & interpersonal skills
Must be experienced in MS Word, Excel and Project
Preferred Qualifications
Previous experience in the areas of Design for Manufacturing (DFM), Lean Manufacturing, Process Control Concepts, Design of Experiments (DOE), Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA)
Use of problem solving and process improvement methodologies (e.g. Six Sigma) and managing improvements through CAPA
Experience with CAD software (Solid Works & AutoCAD)
About us
As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.
Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran
Requisition ID: 453269

Nearest Major Market: Bloomington Indiana
Job Segment: Process Engineer, Medical, Manufacturing Engineer, Engineer, Developer, Engineering, Healthcare, Technology

n/a

