Process Simulation Engineer

CSL Behring

- Kankakee, IL

With operations in 35+ nations and ~ 20,000 employees worldwide, CSL is driven to develop and deliver a broad range of lifesaving therapies to treat disorders such as hemophilia and primary immune deficiencies, and vaccines to prevent influenza. Our therapies are also used in cardiac surgery, organ transplantation and burn treatment.
CSL is the parent company of CSL Behring and Seqirus. CSL Behring is a global leader in the protein biotherapeutics industry, focused on bringing to market biotherapies used to treat serious and often rare conditions. CSL Behring operates CSL Plasma , one of the world's largest collectors of human plasma, which is used to create CSL’s therapies. Seqirus is the second largest influenza vaccine company in the world and is a transcontinental partner in pandemic preparedness and a major contributor to the prevention and control of influenza globally.
We invite you to take a look at the many career possibilities available around the globe and consider building your promising future at CSL by becoming a member of our team!
Responsibilities
Applying engineering principles and knowledge to develop, maintain and execute process simulation models. The focus of this role will be to utilize process simulation models and process data to analyze equipment and processes to identify technical improvements to continuously improve safety, compliance, equipment/process reliability and reduce waste.
Qualifications
Provide a positive and equitable working environment emphasizing the CSL Values: Customer Focus, Innovation, Integrity, Collaboration, and Superior Performance.
Serve as a technical lead/subject-matter-expert (SME) on process simulation environments for the Kankakee site.
Providing data analysis to identify technical improvements in process operations, safety, and identify replacement investments based on de-bottlenecking and long-term, obsolescence strategies.
Support the development of simulation standards for model development and programming.
Embrace process modeling and mentor others within the organization in the use of process simulation models.
Through process simulation execution, provide recommendations to Process Owners and Site Management for optimization and process improvements, which reduce waste.
Work collaboratively with multiple functional areas to meet assigned deliverables within the site, globally with other sites as well as with corporate when requested.
When applicable, manage external resources to complete tasks.
Foster a culture of continuous improvement through employee selection, training and mentoring while focusing on operational efficiency and the elimination of “non-value added” activities.
Complies with requirements from CSL Behring’s Safety Program, including Health and Safety mandates and OSHA requirements.
Completes any other duties/responsibilities assigned by senior management.
Capabilities
Education:
Requires a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Chemical, Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering. Equivalent engineering degree may be considered dependent upon experience.
Experience:
2+ years of engineering experience and a Bachelor of Science or
0-1 years of experience with MS in Engineering, Statistics or Computer Science
Thorough knowledge of fundamental engineering principles and applications
Prior hands-on experience with process simulation modeling and design in a manufacturing environment; INOSIM experience preferred, others may be considered based upon experience
Hands-on experience programming VBA (visual basic code) is preferred
Prior experience in pharmaceutical industry a plus
Strong verbal, technical writing and interpersonal skills are required; audit and Investigation skills a plus
Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications
Worker Type:
Employee
Worker Sub Type:
Regular

n/a

