Process Engineer I

Neenah Paper

- Stevens Point, WI 54481

Overview
An outstanding opportunity exists for the right person to join Neenah Inc. - Whiting Mill's management team.

The incumbent will provide technical support and guidance to paper production crews to meet production and quality goals while emphasizing safe working practices and collaborating with maintenance to optimize equipment. The ideal candidate has the attitude, initiative, and excellent skills to support Neenah’s collaborative, high-achievement culture.

Neenah offers an attractive benefit package to all full-time employees which includes incentive pay, 401(k), medical, dental, vision and group life.
Responsibilities
Provide technical expertise to modify existing mill process and/or add new processes that will improve quality and increase profitability.
Provide technical knowledge to improve quality of existing products and/or new product development.
Provide technical assistance to improve process control.
Complete cost optimization projects that provide significant savings through product substitution, reduced variability, improved quality, and higher operating efficiencies.
Carry out process improvement/optimization work including planning and supervising in-mill production trials. Determine areas requiring process improvements and coordinate efforts for achievement.
Write technical reports that clearly document trials, process improvement results, and capture cause and effect relationships.
Provide assistance to production in evaluating operation of major equipment and assist in design of modifications and changes required; aid operating personnel to better understand their processes.
Assist in planning of required machine maintenance, communication of planned activity, planning of machine lockouts, and execution of shutdown and start-up schedules.
Utilize process information systems to analyze production trends; assist in troubleshooting and identify possible improvements.
Support development and execution of capital projects.
Allied Responsibilities
Maintain effective communications and working relationships with production supervision and operating personnel as well as product development, suppliers, asset development, maintenance, IT, environmental, sales and marketing, research, engineering, and purchasing.
Develop proficiency in the use of mill information systems including ABB 800xA, ABB Smart Client, Rockwell DCS, Oracle.
Substitute for shift supervisors during short-term absences, as required.
Perform other responsibilities related to position, as required.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering, chemistry, or a related area such as pulp and paper science, and at least three years’ experience which demonstrates process troubleshooting and analytical problem solving abilities.
1-3 years of Process Engineer experience in paper mill operations is preferred.
Must have the ability to design and evaluate equipment and processes in terms of chemistry, control strategies, mechanical integrity, energy transfer, thermodynamics, mass transfer, and fluid dynamics.
Understanding of activities and procedures required for efficient and quality work completion.
Strong computer skills including, but not limited to a working knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word, and Project. Experience with Oracle is helpful.
Strong leadership and communication skills.
Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast paced production setting
Or, equivalent combination of education, training, and experience.

n/a

