Process Engineer I or II

Raytheon

- Dallas, TX 75243 (Northeast Dallas area)

Please Note: This position can be a Process Engineer I or II based on the candidate's qualifications as they relate to the skills, experience and responsibility requirements for the position.

Job Description

Precision Manufacturing (PM) is a leader in high precision manufacturing. The business has close to 600 employees, and consists of multiple sites in the Dallas area. PM is experiencing high growth with primary focus in the defense and commercial aerospace markets.

The Process Engineer is responsible for supporting and controlling processes used in the production finishing of precision metallic parts. Processes include chemical conversion coating, anodize, passivation, plating, bonding, brazing, assembly, painting, and marking. Several processes are automated with programmable logic controllers (PLC). The Process Engineer is expected to identify inefficiencies in the processes and troubleshoot issues to improve the capability and effectiveness of the processes. It is also expected to interface with PM customers and suppliers and technical contacts of all varieties.

Duties:
Support and monitoring of process control procedures required to maintain operations
Review of customer requirements and development of shop routings through finishing operations
Day-to-day support of process issues in assembly and paint operations
Laboratory support and backup for titrations and other process control procedures
Participation as Process Engineering representative on cross-functional teams and in discussions with our customers
Interface between chemical and equipment suppliers, outside experts, auditors, technical networks, outside processors, and internal customer liaisons
Change processes to improve safety, quality, and productivity

Required Skills:
Ability to read engineering drawings, military and industry specifications, laboratory and shop procedures
Laboratory Experience to include but not limited to Chemistry, Metallurgy or like fields.
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position will need a U.S. Security Clearance within 1 year of start date.

Desired Skills:
Experience in chemical finishing operations including process controls like titration
Experience or training with design of experiments and other statistical methods
Experience with waste water treatment systems
Good computer skills including database functionality and minor Visual Basic (VB) code writing
PLC experience
Assembly experience
Technical writing and good communication and presentation skills

Required Education (including major):Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Materials Science, or related field from an accredited curriculum.

This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 150211
Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

n/a

