Production Engineer (Chemical Manfacturing)

Ampac Fine Chemicals

- Rancho Cordova, CA

The Production Engineer provides continuous technical engineering support for plant operations. This role provides rapid technical response to issues employing engineering techniques to solve problems. This person should have a good understanding of production priorities and directs production activities accordingly to maximize labor efficiency.
Monitor batch status across their assigned area and influence the allocation of resources based on priorities. Monitor equipment status including both process and utility systems and respond to issues that could affect safety, quality, or production. Monitor and respond to process alarms.
Monitor existing processes, ensuring that batch records are maintained, variances are investigated, and day-to-day activities are properly planned. Know and understand critical processing steps and consequence of deviation. Provide process training to operations/production staff. Respond to upset conditions or deviations providing technical and engineering input. Escalate issues to the appropriate personnel when greater input is required.
Perform preliminary variance investigation in real time prior to hand off to responsible technical lead. Minimize downtime by providing immediate technical and engineering support in the event of incident or variance. Collaborate with quality and technical personnel on variance investigations.
Emergency response to plant issues (e.g., power outages, evacuations). Provide production interface with support groups (QC, QA). Can serve as Person of Authority in the plant (someone who understands the process and can make a decision in an emergency). Able to recognize typical and nontypical issues and alert the appropriate staff members for guidance and resolution when appropriate.
Follows all pertinent cGMP guidelines for operation comments and batch records, other change control requirements, and related documentation practices.
Understands basic principles regarding pressure, flow, heat exchange, phase splits, filtration, and related processing parameters, and can use that knowledge to understand and troubleshoot ongoing processes.
Makes recommendations based on field conditions and knows when to have senior staff review and approve recommendations. Addresses safety issues promptly and communicates safety issues to fellow employees. Works well with all IPT members, other process engineers, operators and operations staff to maintain all necessary company, department, team and individual goals. Pojects shift-wise progress and activities for current process to help operations maintain cycle time and schedule.
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering preferred or equivalent experience and education
Experience
· Two years of related experience with bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering
· Six years of experience in related chemical plant manufacturing
Must be willing to work shifts including nights and weekends.
Please apply by clicking on the link below:
https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=APFCCorp&ccId=19000101_000001&type=JS&lang=en_US
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Relocation assistance

n/a

