Production Engineer (Erie, PA)

BASF Corporation

- Erie, PA 16503

Job Field: ENGI - Engineering & Technical Service
Location: Erie, PA, US
Company: BASF Corporation
Job Type: Standard
Job ID: EN_US_1903544

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Description
At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation.
We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development.
And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Employers in 2019. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future!
Production Engineer (1903544) – Erie, PA
Where the Chemistry Happens
We are seeking a professional like you to serve as technical representative and be responsible for supporting the day-to-day operation of the respective plant that the position supports. You will provide the technical support needed to execute the required production plan. You will demonstrate strong leadership in the area of safe plant operation and adherence to BASF Process Safety rules and policies.
You will also play an important role in driving standardization across shifts, optimize fixed and variable unit costs, and work closely with other support groups like Maintenance to ensure that proper priorities are placed on items in the Maintenance backlog. You will be instrumental in leading troubleshooting efforts when problems arise - a true solution provider. This is an excellent opportunity to demonstrate any experience you may have of unit operations in mineral processing and catalyst production technology. Additionally, any experience in LSS continuous improvement and experience in leading continuous improvement projects will be looked upon favorably.
Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent
Formula for Success

Your strong business acumen will be a valued asset as you provide guidance and input to the achievement and development of plant goals, objectives, and operational budgets.
Your keen attention to detail will serve you well as you review and validate production data and production reports as needed to support the production accounting process.
Successfully engaging across the business, you will interface with the scheduling and shipment of products, wastes, co‐products, and inbound raw materials as needed.
Working as a team player, you will assist and support the Production Supervisor on goals and manage performance of the shift and Operators via alignment of shift activities and shift goals.
Your solid analytical and organizational skills will aid you as you participate in the optimization of scheduled and unscheduled downtime.
Leveraging your education in an Engineering Field (Chemical Engineering preferred) or Chemistry and your experience in a chemical/petrochemical or other similar manufacturing environment, you will coordinate with Asset Effectiveness Management the scheduling / execution of inspection (SIS, PSV, NDE inspections, OCI's, etc) work and outages (including catalyst changes within the plants to minimize the impact to the business and or production plan). You will also use this knowledge and experience to assist the Asset Effectiveness team in the assignment of lost production via AE tool.
Demonstrating your ability to influence, you will promote Autonomous Maintenance and appropriate level of training.
Your strong communication and interpersonal skills will be essential as you assist the Maintenance Gatekeeper in the coordination, planning, and execution of shutdown or turnaround work including maintenance and capital activities.
Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You
Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry.
The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career.
BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.

n/a

