Project Engineer I - Zotos

Henkel AG

- Geneva, NY

United States, Geneva, NY, Beauty Care
Project Engineer I - Zotos
HENKEL IS FOR THOSE WHO STEP UP. DO YOU?
At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.
YOUR ROLE
Apply engineering principles to analyze and plan for the expected deliverables of assigned projects including safety, quality, and efficiency aspects. Support in developing project KPIs.
Develop and present cost studies related to potential projects to assist in project viability analysis and to support targeted objectives (safety, reliability, quality, cost).
Prepare specifications, design requirements, and process definition for assigned projects and oversee the preparation of all necessary drawings. Create, negotiate, and align on User Requirements Specifications (URS) with OEM’s and vendors.
Lead the Capital Project Stage Gate Process supported by documentation and collaborative reviews with cross functional teams including project stakeholders and technical leadership at the forefront. This is inclusive of the following documentation; DSSR, PSSR, IQ/OQ, PQ, LOTO, Asset Tag Requisition, etc.
YOUR SKILLS
BS in Mechanical, Electrical, or Chemical Engineering (or other pertinent engineering discipline).
1 or more years work experience in a manufacturing environment fulfilling a project engineer role a plus.
Proficiency in the Autodesk Suite preferably CAD.
Travel may be required (<10%).
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

Henkel does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Unsolicited referrals and resumes are considered Henkel property and therefore, Henkel will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited referral. At Henkel’s request only, preferred vendors may be invited to refer talent for specific open positions. In these cases, a fully-executed agreement with Henkel must be in place and current.
JOB ID: 190007WU
Contract & Job type: Full Time , Regular
Contact details: 1-866-836-7067

n/a

