Rotational Process Engineer - De Pere/Kaukauna, WI

Ahlstrom-Munksjö

- De Pere, WI

Ahlstrom-Munksjo offers a competitive compensation and benefits program, which includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401(K) plan with a generous match. In addition, there is an employee incentive bonus program, educational assistance, fitness center reimbursement and more. Our facilities are located in communities boasting an excellent quality of life with outstanding educational, recreational, and cultural opportunities.
This is a full-time, developmental position that provides experience at both our De Pere and Kaukauna plants during the first year of employment, spending time in the pulp plant, paper plant operations, maintenance, and quality departments. During each rotation, the Process Engineer will support the current department and be responsible for managing safety, process improvement, reliability and cost efficiency projects. After six (6) months at each location, the Process Engineer will transition to a regular (non-rotational) role at either the Kaukauna Plant or the De Pere Plant.
Requirements
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical or Paper Science engineering or related program
Related experience through a co-op or internship preferred
Proficient in key Microsoft software
Interested in pursuing growth and development in a manufacturing environment with an emphasis on future assignments as part of the manufacturing managerial team is a plus
Solid interpersonal skills
Strong process orientation with a focus on process improvement
Solid project management and problem solving skills
Responsibilities
Must follow Ahlstrom-Munksjo’s manufacturing and hygiene processes, procedures and policies, as applicable, to the position’s areas of responsibility, in order to meet and maintain the safety, quality, and regulatory compliance requirements for each grade of paper.
Manage assigned projects in areas of reliability, cost reduction and continuous improvement in a safe and cost effective manner to successful completion
Identify cost reduction opportunities and take a leadership role in driving down engineering and manufacturing costs
Assess process effectiveness, identify potential process improvements and help implement solutions
Provide support to operational areas during outages, down days and other times when additional resources are required to achieve operational goals and objectives
Support facility programs that identify opportunities for improvement or facilitate the prioritization of problem solving or project completion
Ahlstrom-Munksjö is a global leader in fiber-based materials, supplying innovative and sustainable solutions to its customers. Our mission is to expand the role of fiber-based solutions for sustainable everyday life. Our offerings include filter materials, release liners, food and beverage processing materials, decor papers, abrasive and tape backings, electrotechnical paper, glass fiber materials, medical fiber materials and solutions for diagnostics as well as a range of specialty papers for industrial and consumer end-uses.
Our annual net sales are about EUR 3 billion and we employ some 8,000 people. The Ahlstrom-Munksjö share is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and Stockholm.

n/a

