UOP Career Development Program Chemical Engineer

Honeywell

- Des Plaines, IL 60016

Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
The future is what you make it.
When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future.
That means changing the way we fly, fueling jets in an eco-friendly way, keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.
Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why all of our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.
Are you ready to help us make the future?
In the Career Development Program, you will be exposed to a variety of functions including Research and Process Development, Process Engineering, Technical Service, and/ or Customer Training. You will gain experience in one or more of Honeywell UOP’s key refining and petrochemical technologies with a variety of activities that may include operating pilot plants, defining experiments, designing, troubleshooting and/ or servicing UOP process units, and performing other challenging assignments. Following these 18 months of training, Development Engineers will transfer to Field Operating Service (FOS) where you typically travel full time for a range of 3-5 years to multiple locations around the world supporting UOP customers in operating plants as a process engineer and advisor.

YOU MUST HAVE
B.S. in Chemical Engineering
Must have graduated, from an accredited college or university, since May 2019, or will graduate by August 2020
Must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident, due to project requirements
WE VALUE
Ability and willingness to travel internationally and domestically and reside onsite for long uninterrupted periods of time. (Typical assignments are four to six months but durations of one day to one year or more are possible.)
Flexibility to work hours that are dictated by customer requirements and assignment scope
Excellent interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills
Strong customer focus, and the ability to work as part of a team
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel and Word
Will you be attending the NBMBAA, SHPE or SWE annual conferences? Honeywell will be there interviewing top talent! After you’ve completed your formal application here in Cornerstone, please use the links below to submit interest in opportunities during conference.
NBMBAA in Houston: http://tinyurl.com/yyr8xghk
SHPE in Phoenix: http://tinyurl.com/yyzeutys
SWE in Anaheim: http://tinyurl.com/yykzo4ca

Additional Information
Category: Engineering
Location: Des Plaines, IL USA
Exempt
Due to US export control laws, must be a US citizen, permanent resident or have protected status.

n/a

