https://www.indeed.com/company/Gage-Products-Company/jobs/Chemical-Process-Engineer-d569f89c9020ffc0?fccid=6565422599e31168&vjs=3

Chemical Process Engineer

Low Country Engineering

- Orangeburg, SC

Low Country Engineering is currently in search of a process engineer with experience in establishing multiple chemical lines. The position is paying extremely competitively for the area and is offering a direct position with the company. There are complete benefits and a standard PTO package. The job description is listed below...
Production Support and Improvement:
Develop active continuous material balances for each of the Plant processes.
Provide monthly yield variance information to Plant teams.
Provide production technical support in areas of responsibility
Develop and implement process improvements to optimize yield performance.
Track production utilization time. Provide monthly report summarizing productive time performance.
Develop and implement process/equipment improvements to optimize the effective capacity of each process.
Develop and implement cost saving ideas
Provide troubleshooting assistance for plant issues, including distributed control systems.
Assist Production Management and Production Teams to control and reduce operating and labor costs.
Assist the Production Trainer with the development of necessary operating, start-up, shutdown, and emergency shutdown procedures.
Utilize the MOC process for modifications to existing systems.
Project Support:
Serve as Production Department Representative for projects affecting the Plant areas.
Identify project needs. Assist with development of the capital budget.
Assist with development and review of scopes of work to ensure all Production concerns are adequately addressed.
Assist Engineering with development of cost justification and Project Authorization Form (PAF).
Coordinate construction activities with plant operations.
Provide technical support for new equipment/process start-ups and operation.
Implement small capital projects as needed.
Quality:
Lead/participate in root cause investigation and corrective action of process quality excursions, customer complaints, and quality audit findings.
Lead/participate in implementation of preventive actions to prevent quality excursions.
Initiate action to prevent non-conformances.
Assist Production Management with development, review, and update of production procedures.
Safety:
Lead in setting safety expectations and standards for the Department
Fully support and promote the initiatives of the Responsible Care Management System.
Lead/participate in Preliminary Hazard Reviews, Process Hazard Analysis, and Operational Readiness Inspections.
Lead/participate in root cause investigation of safety incidents as required.
Lead/Participate in daily tailgate meetings, SHREQ subcommittees.
DCS Support
In cooperation with the production Controls Engineer, serve as a backup on DCS operation and PI administration.
Support implementation of control strategy enhancements for improved process control and efficiency
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $90,000.00 to $115,000.00 /year
Experience:
Process Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Pharma: 3 years (Preferred)
Chemical: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Schedule:
Monday to Friday

n/a

