https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2079f6e04852949f&fccid=dd616958bd9ddc12&vjs=3

Chemical Engineer

Edgewater Technical Associates

- Oak Ridge, TN 37830

Edgewater is seeking qualifiedcandidates for a Chemical Engineer opportunity for our customer in Oak Ridge, TN for the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
Purpose
The Enrichment Technology Group within the Isotope and Fuel Cycle Technology Division (IFCTD) seeks applications for a design resource for chemical engineering design technical support focused on processing of uranium-bearing and stable isotope compounds.
Major Duties / Responsibilities
Major duties will include design chemical processes used during Research, Development, and Production operations. Design tasks will entail assessments for optimal processing parameters, development and analysis of approaches to mitigate chemical and physical impediments to processes and the implementation of material and design goals.
A focus of the position will be the development and design of complex test beds including but not limited to piping, valving, instrumentation, etc.
The successful candidate(s) will be required to effectively interact with various personnel and sponsors, both within and outside of ORNL.
The candidate(s) are expected to be able to work in a team environment with co-workers and management as well as independently, to fully document work performed in the forms of technical drawings, reports, specifications, and presentations.
Excellent communication skills, including verbal, presentation, and writing skills are required.
The successful candidate will interface with principal investigators, management, engineers, fabricators, modelers and test campaign personnel.
The candidate will be responsible for understanding and contributing to detailed formal design and instrumentation drawings, analysis plans, and fabrication plans in coordination with stakeholders.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Chemical Engineering
A solid understanding and a minimum of 5 years using fundamentals of chemical process engineering with emphasis on separations and chemical reaction science is essential, as is familiarity with and understanding of chemical engineering thermodynamics
Minimum of 5-7 years chemical systems design experience
Proven communication skills, both written and verbal
This position requires the possession of a DOE Q clearance from the Department of Energy.
If you are interested in being considered for this position and your resume clearly outlines your relevant experience for this position, please follow the application steps via our website www.Edgewatertech.net/careers.
If your qualifications match our position requirements you will be contacted and provided additional details. Edgewater will not submit your resume without first having detailed discussions with you and obtaining your permission to do so.
We look forward to hearing from you!
WORKING WITH EDGEWATER
Edgewater offers the opportunity to structure benefit packages to best suit your needs. We offer multiple individual and family benefit options including paid time off, medical, dental, life, vision, and disability insurance, and a pre-tax 401(k) retirement account with Company matching contributions and 100% vesting for eligible participants beginning on DAY 1.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
Edgewater is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected Veterans, or individuals with disabilities.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
chemical process engineering: 5 years (Required)
chemical systems design: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off

n/a

