https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=734e03e6f20c7767&fccid=41c0de8bd4a0b804&vjs=3

Process Engineer (Entry Level)

Sierra Circuits

- Sunnyvale, CA 94086 (Washington area)

POSITION SUMMARY: The Process Engineer (Entry Level) is responsible for learning, understanding and monitoring all processes in the assigned areas as well as training operators within these departments. She/He will assist with implementation of new processes as needed along with providing technical engineering support for processes as required.
Immediately looking for recent college grads with BA degree in Electrical Engineering, Chemical Manufacturing Engineering or Engineering Management are more than welcome to apply.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine process audits.
Continually monitor processes for quality, effectiveness and efficiency.
Assist with processing/overseeing critical jobs as needed.
Provide engineering support for assigned areas as well as back up support for any other process as needed.
Optimize production processing efficiencies for improvement as needed.
Train Operators as needed and document in a timely manner.
Be familiar with and enforce all company safety requirements.
Inform manager of any potential problems.
Ability to wear/work with common forms of rubber and plastic use for PPE.
Work extended hours base on company needs and be available to after hour emergency calls.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required.
2 to 5 years PCB Engineering experience with emphasis in the Drilling, Lamination or Solder Mask.
AA degree or BA degree in Engineering (Electrical, Chemical Manufacturing Engineering or Engineering Management).
Extensive knowledge of processing different types and colors of SM
Experience with Sprint and LDI machines
Experience with Genesis system
Complete familiarity with Computers and basic software such as excel, power point, word
Ability to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) such as gloves, protective glasses, face-shields, aprons, rubber boots, etc.
Ability to work within the confines of a room where concentrations of chemicals are located.
Ability to occasionally lift up to 25 pounds maximum and stand/walk throughout the day.
Must be flexible to work extended hours based on company needs.
Ability to perform at the highest level in a fast-paced and increased sound environment.
No experience is required for college grads, they will be trained on the job.
GCJfDz2RG1

n/a

