https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=161ad2e45891f2a5&fccid=f3a16b0424761ec2&vjs=3

Process Improvement Engineer

Custom Processing Services

- Reading, PA 19606

Company Description
Custom Processing Services provides contract manufacturing/toll processing services to a wide variety of industries. Specialized processes center on particle size reduction using a number of methods including jaw crushing, pulverizing, micronizing and media milling. Additional services such as flash drying, surface treatments, blending, dispersing and packaging are also available. The Processing Pros provide new product development assistance from R&D concepts through their commercialization. In addition to CPS's technical grade facilities, a state-of-the art, dedicated building is available for cGMP processing.

Job Description
Are you passionate about process improvement? Do you enjoy root cause analysis, vendor management, supply inventory, design, and concept implementation? If so, you might be the person we’re looking for!
Expectations:
Evaluate current processes and determine areas for opportunity
Manage vendor selection, contracts, projects, and relationships
Oversee parts management and the supply inventory system
Utilize root cause analysis tools to recommend and implement continuous improvement initiatives
Design, improve, and participate in floor level training of equipment and maintenance concepts and methods
Participate in financial planning, ROI, and cost of failure reviews and budgets
Order parts as needed
To all recruitment agencies: Custom Processing Services does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Custom Processing Services employees or any other company location. Custom Processing Services is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or equivalent experience in project management, continuous improvement, and/or maintenance leadership
Proficient in computerized maintenance management systems and MS Project
Familiarity with industrial equipment including mechanical, pneumatic, and electrical components
Former experience in the chemical industry is preferred
Exceptional written and oral communication skills
Travel up to 5% for vendor meetings, training opportunities, etc.

Additional Information
At Custom Processing Services we care about our employees and their quality of life. It is important to have a work schedule that works well with your lifestyle, excellent healthcare to maintain a healthy lifestyle, significant time off to refresh your body and mind, and a solid pay/bonus and opportunity program to meet your financial and career expectations.
It is time to join the Custom Processing Services Family!
Competitive pay
Medical, dental and vision all at reasonable costs
Great vacation and holiday pay
401k with match
Bonus Programs
Continuing education
Opportunity/Advancement program
Additional company perks like summer picnics, our Christmas gathering, a turkey for Thanksgiving, paid time off for your birthday, and more!
Equal Opportunity Employment:
CPS will not unlawfully discriminate based upon race, color, sex, national origin or ancestry, religion, age disability, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any prohibited basis. This commitment applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including hiring, promotion, compensation, discipline, discharge, and any term or condition of employment. All employment decisions will be made and all personnel policies construed in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local anti-discrimination laws. All unlawful discrimination is prohibited.

n/a

