https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CeJnrXaUflvFwwvlM9u9gmxkpaEOHx3Kd0jMip-RCotWGGPcLqInfKAg7RHOEgnYEsN0tHcJeQyOOtuJ7ON_B8RUbGJzbbmpAaQMM9yIS_2uuRZHXwajsZ7ajXtAPrSw7HSgrM4gSGFdmfyOA8aVeMtfeX_DfRa5tAiSGh4UhyG4YCNZrIwLHo6iQ0EVVs8nXsLjigMbVRMI2D8SbvebEoDjLU26HIyaXAoQ1-9YWe0vv7eBunbXHgVhtI5ER6Ku9DFltdFw4xsiUnGyChFh6QeOG8bVOHPAmghh2RQ5xRlPMCz-tS9caQ3J6Ko1ITQi28VhEZZq2XJMviJjdFAC6dFuiUz5xwYedt-JihsoDfrAP5PSba0xtSB8-gVOMobxpfGGHDnf0Vuq2xgFRGEsMKJE3U0SMCAHL7eF2vs9Mx9qy5UpUUXVX3ayOf8HZWo13UzixDZK2b3Sre3fk9Hmms0h57iE3lzz16hKKe0rLtgg==&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3&tk=1e1knkq58p7gv800&jsa=4792&oc=1&sal=0

Process Improvement Engineer

Rockview Farms

- Downey, CA

General Description:
This Process Lead role analyzes manufacturing processes to identify gaps, provide solutions and take our game to the next level. He or she will be responsible for leading daily management systems and loss elimination processes that enable stable, reliable production of high quality products. The position works closely with Production Supervisors and the Maintenance department to identify, review, and corrects existing processes.
This position is not limited to above description as other responsibilities may include tasks, projects, or plans given by Management.
Responsibilities:
· Conduct downtime and productivity analysis.
· Impact key processes utilizing array of tools including time studies on fillers and equipment.
· Investigate critical process upsets to identify and implement timely, cost effective solutions
· Daily review of key performance indicators along with maintenance log elevating concerns on repeating issues.
· Review weekly production performance to identify and report findings.
· Monitor daily operations supervision and maintenance for opportunities to improve efficiency /productivity.
· Direct and monitor real-time engineering changes as appropriate.
· Provide education for operators, supervisors, maintenance on process changes.
· Lead weekly efficiency meeting.
· Identify and recommend capital projects including financial/ROI justifications.
Work/Education/Experience Requirements:
· 4 year engineering degree or equivalent experience required with emphasis in Chemical Engineering, Process Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering.
· Work experience in a manufacturing environment is ideal.
Skills & Abilities:
· Experienced troubleshooter, versed in root cause identification and elimination methodology.
· Working knowledge of basic engineering economics including ROI, NPV, and general payback analysis.
· Ability to quickly understand and master production workflow
· Excellent written and verbal communication skills at all organizational levels (floor operators to middle/upper management)
Schedule:
Base hours for this position are normal business hours, Monday-Friday however a flexible work schedule is expected dependent on unique operational opportunities and requirements.
Directly applicable education/training may also be available.
Rockview Farms offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package including medical, dental and vision coverage; short and long-term disability insurance; life/AD&D insurance; flexible spending accounts; incentive program; and a 401(k) retirement benefits. EOE & AA Employer M/F/D/V.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
Manufacturing: 4 years (Required)
Process Improvement: 4 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Other
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends required
Day shift
8 hour shift

n/a

