https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AqLsS4Q3ywCcL404cSbD4Tpwfp1uaP9cYNmdUtrpAVM7KOxzMOkcZY5AQu8hi0JDqH6RfoX3EHccyYYZkMvkCFAVUf616fGJH0hFxezLnU1KE6BfyF-PH42YTAwSQpS9sAuO99d6DYK3tPl4bpYVeerOFOaS3BbLpEtsR9cZWY45Q-A_lhzk6brOJaV0DrDmj8T_la-aRuh4yd6SynK-bUSFJT_v3XuXdWqNx4fuRQWqFU266WWtl_9AMNy_NPTwfQ6fzKj-LC7AKc7r946TUb5eBqRMab4gg9McZhVEmAZS8R5fs9JFaKbzEN55y_yEsqdGvxapdxwOY_LWVCN8msY8AKQjOCjpaWdt1sNS_YSIeeLFc5QJLPn1BzxFWjZY2ologAQurErKvApq_ERb1k_zRL7OAok7sC_qyKR8b1Gi2flrlUhy4MfgGDyNIUAdVvU-X2fZlUSXECqSTG0rXKZrciohTppmc=&p=5&fvj=1&vjs=3&tk=1e1knlblkp7gv800&jsa=2724&oc=1&sal=0

Process Engineer

Amcor

- Oshkosh, WI

One Great Future

In August of 2018 it was announced that Amcor Flexibles and Bemis Company would combine to become the global leader in consumer packaging. This combination allows for a comprehensive global footprint with greater scale in all regions of the world. With a combined company history of more than 300 years, we continue to work collaboratively with our customers to make Amcor the clear choice for inspired packaging solutions. We appreciate your patience while we work to integrate our application and hiring process.

Job Description

OLE OVERVIEW

Provide technical leadership to maintain safety and improve and optimize manufacturing operations and processes. This position has responsibility for maintaining safe working practices while improving conversion costs in manufacturing, directly impacting competitiveness and profitability in the Amcor Flexibles North America business.

WHAT YOU GET TO DO

Maintains Safety as the number one priority in conducting daily responsibilities, responding to production crew needs, and developing and implementing process improvements for quality, waste and productivity improvement.
Investigates causes of ongoing process, quality, production efficiency and high waste problems. Then develops solutions using problem solving techniques.
Maintains standard operating conditions system which ensures consistent manufacturing equipment processing conditions.
Works with plant BPI resources to ensure technical support resources are available to production at all times.
Works with manufacturing supervisors, production crews, and maintenance to troubleshoot manufacturing problems and develop corrective actions to eliminate the return of those problems
Participates in the evaluation of projects and waivers to aid in the effective scheduling and necessary product development coverage to minimize the risk of machine downtime and high waste due to developmental efforts in manufacturing.
Initiates and documents procedures to safely increase machine productivity and reduce waste while maintaining product quality per customer expectations.

WHAT WE VALUE

Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written, to work with manufacturing operations personnel.
Must have strong analytical and problem solving skills.
General knowledge of Amcor’s products, including the desired properties and quality standards for those products.
Must have strong time management skills to handle multiple ongoing projects in addition to day to day process problems.
Solid computer skills including Microsoft Word and Excel, Outlook, Share Point, and the ability to quickly learn software needed to perform job specific duties.
Strong knowledge of process used to manufacture and convert flexible packaging. Especially blown film, metallization, flexographic printing, extrusion coating, adhesive laminating, and slitting/winding operations.

WHAT WE WANT FROM YOU

Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Chemical, Electrical, Mechanical or Industrial) with 1-3 years of experience.
Trade journals, trade shows, technical seminars, management seminars, equipment supplier contacts and raw material contacts.
Professional development classes in the areas of communication, conflict resolution, problem solving skills, statistical process control, advanced uses of software packages, lean manufacturing principles, quality systems, and other related fields.

Our Expectations

We expect our people to be guided by The Amcor Way and demonstrate our Values every day to enabler the business to win. We are winning when:

Our people are engaged and developing as part of a high-performing Amcor team
Our customers grow and prosper from Amcor’s quality, service, and innovation
Our investors benefit from Amcor’s consistent growth and superior returns
The environment is better off because of Amcor’s leadership and products

Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Amcor Flexibles North America is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click on the links "EEO is the and "EEO is the Law" Poster Supplement . If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 224-313-7000 and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.

E-Verify

We verify the identity and employment authorization of individuals hired for employment in the United States.

n/a

