https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6ca530768b1be4e2&fccid=003656df63cede32&vjs=3

AstraZeneca Biometrics Graduate Programme: Programming - US

AstraZeneca

- Gaithersburg, MD 20878

Location: Gaithersburg, US
Our science lives beyond our labs – our global perspective means we use talent and expertise from all over the world to make our medicines a success. Do you want to join a team of supportive, collaborative and like minded peers and develop your expertise? AstraZeneca seeks Programmers to join the Biometrics functions.
AstraZeneca (AZ) is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business. We are one of only a handful of companies that spans the full development life-cycle from drug discovery to the commercialisation of prescription medicines for some of the world’s most serious diseases. But we are more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. A strong set of values guide our work, and we are resetting expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be by truly following the science.
Biometrics is the home of early and late stage drug development biometrics activity at AstraZeneca. We support all aspects of clinical development, including strategy, clinical trial design, data collection, analyses, data reporting and interpretation to inform quality decision making on AstraZeneca’s drug projects. Our goal is to deliver value to the pipeline through excellence in strategy and delivery, improving decision making, and engaging and shaping the external environment whilst accessing and implementing innovative solutions.
What does the programme involve?
We have opportunities targeted at statistical Programmers with little or no experience of the pharmaceutical industry to work across all stages of development programming activities. You will spend the first two years at AZ working in a structured training programme, working on real drug development projects. In addition, you will receive on-the-job statistical programming training and be part of a global training programme for Biometrics graduates.
You will work in a highly collaborative team including quantitative, technical, regulatory and scientific expertise and together with your colleagues contribute to the technical programming and information components, the documentation and regulatory submission of our drug development programs.
Essential requirements
BSc (or local equivalent) in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or Life Science gained in 2018, 2019 or 2020.
Programming knowledge (pref. SAS), database and/or clinical trial awareness would be desirable
Passion for applying your programming skills and an interest in pharmaceutical development
As our work is conducted cross-functionally on global projects, good collaboration, communication and influencing skills are important
Good written and spoken English
Capitalizing on your successful graduate degree now is an exciting time to take the next step with AstraZeneca, to work on a wide range of global pharmaceutical projects, and to apply statistical methods to a variety of problems.
AstraZeneca is an equal opportunity employer. AstraZeneca will consider all qualified applicants for employment without discrimination on grounds of disability, sex or sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity leave status, race or national or ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, gender identity or re-assignment, marital or civil partnership status, protected veteran status (if applicable) or any other characteristic protected by law.
Applications open: 17th March 2020
Applications close: 5th April 2020
The roles are permanent.

n/a

