https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BbGlVd8UpVzdV_9zK5-FtUA9y5m9hsUH73WZ5OV1GQjniJtGubuZGaXaGCBLxu4aEhXDKC-sMd2XpPruFDrczNuXEUrwTZe_Ts07t-AckOI4e0nYN47kak0ANVB8Ov4n3NXuPkmG7XlH7BES0EQsSk_r28iViOhS9P8kQiXZTvtsx3KGMG5jm359v22ZztjBbB1ZBeyiUgPqeFmnm3mQRsPTbvTIgLtfD2uWDKpWi_z1ISe7lpcgJlh56UBqqCw6huBBiv37vE1EIDDLlDAE_r4LSisF64si63iYpS98i2aUbPeRrx-gS5XpI1vsSFIELqtwkOEiXKKgy-6JL04OWZRMCeueIHWRogfFnfar20c_QpXm8sI0EgIfnWQv2nWCOYl7x3TJiUcfe2dBVgzjdSZnxfFGEDfx2Pg1FphQcaB3j9cXJ0-b1Sx9C-622Md9-m0dHhkFko_37G00G9sAq_GE3h8pJXsimnwHUMxf9HeGs9_9fafNiMGZ5JR7X_WOA=&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3&tk=1e1kur4ne35c7000&jsa=2254&oc=1&sal=1

Entry-Level Software Developer

MagView

- Burtonsville, MD 20866

Entry-Level Software Developer
The Opportunity
Applied Software Inc. also known as MagView (http://www.magview.com) is a growing proprietary health software company that has a stable track record of growth in its niche market. We deliver quality software solutions to hospitals and breast centers across the nation that helps save lives. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, an independent worker, polished, and have good communication skills. A positive attitude with the ability to prioritize tasks in a fast-paced and fluid work environment is imperative for this role. Strong attention to detail, flexibility, and interpersonal astuteness are key factors for the position.
The Role
Calling all recent college grads and programming Extraordinaires looking to break into a phenomenal development career for a growing health tech company. You’ll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code, and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. This developer position will be immersed in the environment of a professional health software firm practicing agile software techniques. Work as a part of a growing team that is focused on software development supporting a proven enterprise platform.
Specific duties include:
Working with Web App frameworks (Angular, Ionic, Xamarin)
Understanding and creating REST interfaces and Web API’s.
Experience troubleshooting various connected production systems.
Experience scripting with FoxPro & Python.
Design, develop, unit/integration test, and build software code to provide new functionality and extend/modify existing code; using object-oriented software methodologies.
Support a variety of proprietary enterprise applications with thousands of users
Development tasks will be across all FoxPro, C#, Python, Angular, JavaScript and HTML 5
Data formats (i.e. JSON, XML, and HTML)
Work heavily with SQL & FoxPro database backends
You will help by providing programming support to the development group. Applicants should have excellent analytical and math skills, with the ability to work in teams. We are looking for developers that majored in Computer Science/Network Engineering, Engineering or Mathematics ideally. You must be ok and eager to work on legacy code as well as learn new technologies.
Responsibilities
Develop software as assigned (coding, programming)
Document/create/maintain automation tests, performance tests, procedures, records, and data.
Strong communication and documentation, organizational, and problem-solving skills
Help analyze and diagnose performance, functional software, and customer issues.
Work closely with development engineers during product development life cycles and be involved in early field trials of release candidates.
Work with development team members to understand and communicate defects.
Flexibility to move across projects as needed.
Documentation and testing new software functionality.
Experience & Skills Requirements
Ability to write well-documented code (C#, Java, or other OO Language), and provide detailed user and developer documentation
Ability to write comprehensive defect reports.
Ability to create and maintain testing data.
Ability to create and adhere to test design standards.
Excellent customer service orientation and teamwork skills.
Must have a working knowledge of client/server environments and personal computer hardware and software.
Experience with MS SQL preferred.
Experience in problem resolution support, system analysis, healthcare IT or HL7 preferred
Positive, serving attitude with enthusiasm and passion that infects every call, meeting, and room you join
Who You Are
You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products.
You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.
You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.
You have a strong understanding of software development and programming in a language such as Java, JavaScript, C, C++, or Python.
Majors
Computer Science/Network Engineering, Engineering, Mathematics
Salary Range: Pay will commensurate with experience. Please include salary requirement with your resume.
ASI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all ages, experiences, and backgrounds to apply for open positions. ASI does not discriminate on the basis an applicant’s age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, or status with regard to public assistance. ASI offers a competitive salary and a positive corporate culture. For more information about the ASI team, please visit our website at: https://www.magview.com/careers/.
Please apply here: https://www.magview.com/apply-software-developer/
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $50,000.00 to $65,000.00 /year

n/a

