https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=60f0e37abb4812e4&fccid=dd616958bd9ddc12&vjs=3

Entry Level Quality Assurance Intern (Paid)

Internet Brands

- Los Angeles, CA

L.A. based online media company, Internet Brands is currently looking for entry level Quality Assurance Interns to join our pretty awesome Quality Assurance team! And by "pretty awesome," we mean totally awesome!
The Quality Assurance team at Internet Brands partners closely with other development teams to provide risk assessment, quality metrics, and quality management for over 300 products and 18,000 websites. Our cross-functional engineers are continually trained on testing best practices, test planning, project management, development best practices, test automation and tools development, security testing, and performance testing. We’re looking for motivated individuals who are interested in beginning a career in IT, and who are excited about participating in our entry-level internship program.
As a member of our QA intern program, you’ll first attend a 8-15 week QA Bootcamp designed to teach you the basics of testing and quality assurance. You’ll be embedded within an existing project development team to work on real releases. Our team of trainers, all of whom began as interns themselves, will provide support and mentorship throughout and after the Bootcamp.
Once you’ve completed our bootcamp, your internship will begin! You will be responsible for creating and executing tests on a number of different websites and products. You will have the opportunity to work directly with project managers, business analysts, product managers, and developers at every phase of the software development life cycle on high traffic, public-facing products. At the same time, you’ll continue to receive mentoring in software quality assurance methodologies, software engineering paradigms, and software test automation. With literally hundreds of websites and products to work on, you will be exposed to a variety of web development languages, architectures, and revenue generation models. A QA internship at Internet Brands offers the skills and experience needed to succeed in IT.

This is a part-time, paid position designed to give someone the opportunity to build experience in the IT industry, and to begin a career in software quality assurance. Top performers will be encouraged to advance beyond an internship role.

The ideal candidate will have a background in software development, meticulous attention to detail, strong analytical skills, and strong documentation and communication skills. A technical degree is encouraged, but is not required. Prior professional quality assurance experience or software development experience is a significant plus. Web savvy candidates without technical degrees who can program are also encouraged to apply.

Responsibilities:
Creating and executing tests on websites and web-based products.
Developing and executing automated test scripts.
Identifying issues and generating issue reports.
Reproducing customer-reported issues.
Assisting developers with issue analysis.
Verification of patches and bug fixes.
Interfacing closely with project managers, programmers, and QA engineers.

Qualifications:
Completion of a Bachelor degree from an accredited, four-year university, or active enrollment in such a program.
A strong history of academic achievement.
Entry-level programming skills. Java, PHP, or Python preferred.
Strong documentation and communication skills within a team environment.
An understanding of web-delivered applications.
Familiarity with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or other web development languages.
Knowledgeable about popular web browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.)
Familiarity with major operating systems (Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, Unix).

Preferred (Not Required):
Completion of a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math, or a related technical degree with a Computer Science minor.
Success starts with having the right people. At Internet Brands, we value and mentor each member of our growing team. We seek out talented, goal-oriented professionals who live and breathe the Internet and thrive in a flexible but challenging work environment. Our team of innovators has enabled Internet Brands to sustain high levels of profitability and success while evolving along with the Internet for over 20 years.

At IB, we promote an entrepreneurial, friendly culture that applauds innovation and results while embracing change and independence. Our employees are intensely driven and constantly encouraged to reach higher and use creativity to achieve success – all the while enjoying high levels of collaboration and the luxury of coming to work in jeans and sneakers. We are proud to offer a unique blend of the innovation of a start-up with the history, stability, and benefits of an established corporation.

Internet Brands and its wholly owned affiliates are an equal opportunity employer.

n/a

