https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e435eb012c776b6b&fccid=c799867d27c0cf3e&vjs=3

Entry Level Programmer

Design & Integration

- Baltimore, MD 21211 (Hampden area)

Entry Level Programmer
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Computer Science.
Design & Integration is seeking a motivated, tenacious programmer with a bachelor’s degree related to Computer Science or Engineering to join our team. DI is a leading audiovisual technology company located in Baltimore. Our team is comprised of individuals who find pride in our craft and dedicated to achieving greatness. With motivation, talent, and determination at the core, we have led Design & Integration to 23 years of success.
This is an entry-level position ideal for a recent graduate. The selected candidate will follow a 1-year career development program that will sharpen their technical capabilities and industry understanding. We offer several opportunities for advancement including project engineer, project management and system programming.
Responsibilities & Duties
Develop source code and touch panel files for systems control based on systems line diagrams and project scope of work.
Provide technical support in the design and functionality of systems control in the sales, engineering and service departments.
Assist both In-House and Field-testing of systems with integrated control.
Develop control systems user guides for programmed systems.
Work with the Project Engineer to train end users on how to operate the system.
Work to develop standardizations for touch panel interfaces and control code development to streamline programming costs. Report/document any problematic products to sales and engineering.
Develop and maintain knowledge of current and new technologies that company and related manufacturers offer (i.e. AMX, Crestron, Extron, etc.)
Essential Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field.
Knowledge of C++, C#, JavaScript programming languages
Strong written and verbal communication skills. Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Planning and organizational skills. Ability to multitask and work on multiple projects concurrently.
Expertise in troubleshooting and diagnosing malfunctioning systems
Ability to initiate and maintain positive working relationships with DI employees and other trades. Manage team members and interact with customers and project team members professionally.
Self-motivated, detailed oriented, takes pride in their work, and have a strong desire to succeed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Ability to read and understand blueprints, wiring diagrams, and other AV and architectural drawings.
Thorough understanding of Audio/Visual Systems
Strong understanding of control systems programming from various manufactures
Understanding of different control methods and how to implement them
Design & Integration offers a comprehensive benefit package including a competitive salary, health, dental, and a generous retirement plan. Qualified candidates interested in joining a challenging, growth-oriented organization are encouraged to apply.

n/a

