https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=13719fbf46e9cd57&fccid=37967d236eaa13a9&vjs=3

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

State of Hawaii

- Hawaii

Positions assigned to this level perform professional Information Technology work ranging from the Entry/Trainee to the Independent Worker levels.

Entry Level: Receives on-the-job training in the principles, concepts, work processes, methods and techniques fundamental to the Programmer series. Assignments range from the simple to the complex, and are selected and designed to develop the employee for progression to the Independent Worker level.

Independent Worker Level: Performs moderately complex professional work in accordance with established policies, guideline, and procedures. Assignments routinely encompass problems of average difficulty and complexity, requiring the independent application of technical knowledge, skills and sound judgment in applying fundamental principles and techniques, etc. in the area of Programming.

This position is located in the Department of Budget and Finance, Employees' Retirement System, Information Systems Branch and provides technical support services to support the Employees' Retirement System.

The primary purpose of this position is to provide specialized technical support services to support the Employees' Retirement Systems (ERS) applications, programs, data imports and exports, queries, reports and documents, assist with backups/restores, disaster recovery, hardware and software, etc., and automation of various business related processes, analyze, evaluate, design, plan, implement, troubleshoot, repair and maintain the information systems for ERS; assist ERS users to ensure that information systems are optimally functioning to meet their operational requirements; analyze the information needs of an organization, designing automated procedures, and coding programs; develop new and/or reviews and amends existing policies, procedures and other data processing guidelines; provide support services such as evaluating current processes, developing applications, programs, queries, reports, data imports and exports, etc., to automate manual processes and increase efficiency and accuracy. This will also include working with users to establish control, reconciliation and balancing reports to ensure information is accurate and complete; participate in other support services such as the analysis, review and requests for upgrade of hardware and software, automation of processes, training of staff on the use of computing equipment and software upgraded or new IT technology, capacity planning, procurement of IT services, and compliance with security rules, policies and procedures within ERS' information systems.
Minimum Qualification Requirements
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Basic Education: A bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.

Excess Information Technology Experience as described below or any other responsible administrative, professional or analytical work experience which provided knowledge, skills and abilities comparable to those acquired in four years of successful study while completing a college or university curriculum leading to a baccalaureate degree may be substituted on a year-for-year basis. To be acceptable, the experience must have been of such scope, level and quality as to assure the possession of comparable knowledge, skills and abilities.

Specialized Experience: Zero (0) to two (2) years of Information Technology (IT) work experience which included professional work experience in the Programming Specialty area; or any equivalent combination of training and experience.

Job Related Competencies Required: Depending upon the level you are interested in and being considered for, applicants must possess experience and/or training which demonstrates a basic understanding of at least some of the following competencies: Understand and apply knowledge of information technology principles, concepts, standards, policies and procedures; computer hardware, software, languages and procedures; personal computers (PCs), servers, mini and/or mainframe operating systems; basic mathematics; problems solving methods and techniques; and report writing.

License: You must possess a valid driver's license at the time of appointment.

n/a

