https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d069ee2b9ddc55dc&fccid=5f589639ccd58869&vjs=3

Programmer/Analyst I

Baylor College of Medicine

- Houston, TX 77030 (Medical Center Area area)

Job Purpose
Provides assistance in the design, implementation, testing and documentation of software applications that support the Baylor College of Medicine (Baylor) research mission. This position is responsible for interpreting specifications and requirements into code. Performs other related duties as assigned or directed in order to meet the goals and objectives of Baylor.
Job Duties
Participates in the implementation and maintenance of software applications supported by Office of Research IT.
Proposes and develops solutions with the knowledge and understanding of how to integrate and use programming languages (e.g. C#), database management systems (e.g., SQL Server), Internet Tools (e.g., ASP.NET and JavaScript) and graphical software (e.g. SSRS).
Develops and implements code to realize system design for software applications including web-based database applications and related software applications.
Maintains developed/implemented systems and re-evaluates when requirements and resources change. Analyzes existing system logic to diagnose deficiencies and/or make enhancements.
Produces system flow charts to describe existing and proposed systems.
Develops a realistic schedule complete with required resources, delivery dates and coordinates the timely implementation of the schedule.
Helps anticipate possible problems and takes a pro-active role in their solutions.
Designs test procedures and test data to debug coded software applications prior to their delivery to clients.
Documents software applications developed by Office of Research IT, including the maintenance of data dictionaries.
Participates in the development and review of documentation for software applications.
Responsible for the accuracy, understandability and maintenance of these documents.
Advises, trains and assists clients in the use of software applications developed and supported by the Office of Research IT.
Assists in developing training materials for users.
Shows interest in continual learning of additional technical skills and software programming skills and staying current with the state of technology.
Continues education in computer science and information technology in order to propose and implement state-of-the-art concepts and technical solutions.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, or a related field.
Four years of related experience may substitute for degree requirement.
No experience required with a Bachelor's degree.
Preferred Qualifications
Preferred knowledge in programming with object-oriented languages like C#.
Preferred knowledge in Internet-based applications and development like ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap.
Preferred knowledge in database design, development and using database technologies like Microsoft SQL Server and T-SQL.
Experience in Windows and UNIX operating systems.
Ability to take given specifications and generate code for functional applications.
Capable of participating in software/hardware release and installation tasks.
Ability to test and debug developed applications.
Must document all program and application development.
Ability to develop good user interfaces.
Ability to listen and ask appropriate questions.
Communicates with investigators and staff using effective verbal and writing skills.
Capable of working as a member of a team, maintaining one's composure in difficult situations.
Other
Applicants will be required to provide college transcripts as evidence of overall GPA as well as average GPA in computer-related courses.

Baylor College of Medicine is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Equal Access Employer.
3294

n/a

