https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ca3780fd44f0268e&fccid=ee32437d8dec00bd&vjs=3

Programmer/Analyst 1 (Enterprise Systems Developer)

Penn State University

- University Park, PA

The Applied Enterprise Systems Department of The Applied Research Laboratory (ARL) at Penn State University is seeking an entry-level Enterprise System Developer to support ongoing enterprise systems research. This position will engage with Department of Defense (DoD) customers to understand current business processes, understand current technology trends, and recommend process improvement paths to help inform digital transformation efforts. Responsibilities include: Assist and support development and implementation of prototype business applications using SAP technologies to demonstrate user experience; assist with the testing and evaluation of software tools and architectures, perform technology trade studies, and recommend implementation approaches for enterprise applications; and maintain competency and awareness in emerging software system design and implementation. Typically requires an Associate's degree or higher, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. An Associate's degree (Bachelor’s degree preferred) in Information Technology, Information Sciences Technology, or Programming is desired. A minimum of one year of software development focusing on user interface/experience is highly desired. Experience requirements include: The ability to collaborate with Research and Development Engineers developing proof of concept software systems; familiarity with one or more object oriented programming languages, such as SQL, Linux, Python, and C++; and a working knowledge in one or more functional areas, such as logistics, maintenance, or finance. The successful candidate will be able to engage with the DoD enterprise system technical community by using excellent presentation and communication skills. Candidate selected will be subject to a government security investigation. You must be a U.S. citizen to apply. Employment with the Applied Research Laboratory will require successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen. This is a one-year, fixed-term renewable appointment.

n/a

