https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7c4b2eeba44caadb&fccid=02008dbc1f346843&vjs=3

Python Developer

Uncommon Coders

- New York, NY 10005 (Financial District area)

Company Overview
Uncommon Coders is on a mission to help diversify the technology workforce. Our developers are talented individuals who know how to code, but struggle with breaking into the workforce and breaking the barrier to gaining Fortune500 experience while working on projects for our clients like: Facebook, Delta, Porsche, and the list goes on.
Job Summary
As a Python Developer you'll be working for one of our many client projects full time for 12-18 months before being assigned to a new project. Because our clients are headquartered all over the U.S. we need someone willing to relocate to the clients headquarters, where you'll be working directly with a Fortune 500 client on their android application.
Responsibilities and Duties
Software Engineering - 80%+ of your work will be development.
Python Strategy - you'll be working with some of the best companies in the world, that'll require you to design, develop, code, test, debug and documentation of applications.
Project Architecture - you'll be translating them into efficient designs that are scalable, either way you'll need to be 100% responsible for ensuring that designs are aligned with business & technical strategy.
Project management - you won't be managing the project, but you will be working with the data science team, so you'll have to be able to get things done on time and communicate clearly
Training - as you advance throughout your career you'll be expected to give back, both to our internal entry level developers and our external volunteer and giveback programs. We're committed to giving back 1% of our profits and 1% of our time to the community.
Qualifications and Skills
Technical - Python framework, Data Science, Java development, SQL, 3rd Party API integration
Solid REST, HTML, CSS background
Knowledge with Ubuntu/Docker/Kubernetes
Project management - Agile/SCRUM
Code management - Git GitHub JIRA
Benefits and Perks
Career Development and Training
Paid Holidays
Medical Benefits
Paid Time Off
Paid Travel
Relocation Bonus
Guaranteed annual salary increase
sGlQuzC3TB

n/a

