Chemical Engineer (New College Graduate)

GLOBALFOUNDRIES

- East Fishkill, NY

Summary of Role:

Chemical Engineer will be responsible for providing engineering support for various chemically intensive systems at a high volume semiconductor fabrication plant. The responsibilities include de-ionized water preparation and distribution via ultra-filtration, reverse osmosis, advanced filtration and ion exchange systems. They also include the continuous operation of bulk chemical supply/collection systems, chemical drains, chemical exhaust and air emission abatement equipment. Involvement with chemical waste treatment processes and cooling tower chemical treatment is also likely to ensure uninterrupted manufacturing operations and compliance with all regulations. This position involves process monitoring, process improvement initiatives, troubleshooting support, facilities documentation, capacity monitoring, system modification (insuring safe and reliable design/start up and cost), and operations training and documentation support. Attending with designated Representatives at meetings with regulatory agencies, cross-site meetings and in cross-site tasks as directed.
Essential Responsibilities:
Providing Chemical Systems Engineering support to Fab 10.
Developing and driving world-class programs for the safe, efficient and low-cost performance of various chemical and waste handling systems.
Working closely with the Environmental Operations Team to monitor, control, operate and optimize the Fab 10 Facilities Operations chemical systems.
Working closely with customers and support organizations to ensure uninterrupted service to Manufacturing.
Working closely with regulatory engineering to ensure compliance with all regulations.
Perform all activities in a safe and responsible manner and support all Environmental, Health, Safety &amp; Security requirements and programs

Required Qualifications:
Education – BS Chemical Engineering
Experience – 0-2 years experience working on chemical systems preferred
Language Fluency – English
Basic analytical, problem solving and communication skills. Ability to function effectively in a team environment composed of both technical and management personnel to resolve issues quickly and economically. Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.
Familiarity with basic building systems (pumps, piping, valves, electrical and other infrastructure related equipment) and control systems (i.e. instrumentation, PLC&#39;s (programmable logic controllers), networking, etc.) Familiarity with semiconductor processes and production environment and/or other facilities process systems would be an added advantage
Chemical Engineering Experience
Chemical System Experience
Computer Skills
Teamwork Skills
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at usaccommodations@globalfoundries.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
An offer of employment with GLOBALFOUNDRIES is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check and drug screen, as applicable and subject to applicable laws and regulations.
GLOBALFOUNDRIES is fully committed to equal opportunity in the workplace and believes that cultural diversity within the company enhances its business potential. GLOBALFOUNDRIES goal of excellence in business necessitates the attraction and retention of highly qualified people. Artificial barriers and stereotypic biases detract from this objective and may be illegally discriminatory.
All policies and processes which pertain to employees including recruitment, selection, training, utilization, promotion, compensation, benefits, extracurricular programs, and termination are created and implemented without regard to age, ethnicity, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic or category specified by local, state or federal law.

n/a

