Drug Product Specialist/Engineer (Process Development)

Regeneron

- Rensselaer, NY

Position Summary
Known for its scientific and operational excellence, Regeneron is a leading science-based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for the treatment of serious medical conditions. Regeneron commercializes medicines for eye diseases, high LDL-cholesterol, atopic dermatitis and a rare inflammatory condition and has product candidates in development in other areas of high unmet medical need, including rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, pain, cancer and infectious diseases.
Summary: Provides support for the design and development of robust drug product processes that enable the delivery of life transforming medications to patients globally. The individual will perform and optimize drug product unit operations from freeze/thaw through filling and inspection and will be part of a team responsible for industrialization, troubleshooting, and validation of drug product processes at manufacturing sites, both international and domestic.

*Level to be determined based on qualifications relevant to the role*

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and execute drug product process development and technology transfer activities. Carry out drug product process operations and provide recommendations to cross-functional teams

Execute drug product unit operations in a laboratory setting, including small-scale and at-scale experiments. Carry out sample analysis as needed. With guidance from peers, procure, implement, and evaluate new technologies for potential future use in the drug product process

Collate and analyze data and author technical memos. Co-author or contribute to documents and reports authored by cross-functional teams

Support primary component selection and design by carrying out laboratory investigations of container and closure performance under a variety of conditions

Support product life-cycle initiatives

Support process investigations and assist with product impact assessment for change controls and internal/external investigations, primarily through laboratory investigations and data analysis

Continuously drive to improve processes for improved performance

Other duties assigned by manager

Up to 20% travel may be required
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Ability to work independently or as part of a team

Ability to communicate with transparency

Education and Experience:

Associate Specialist: BS in chemistry, physics, biology, biochemistry, mathematics, or other natural or technical science with 0+ years industry experience; MS with 0+ years industry experience.

Specialist: BS in chemistry, physics, biology, biochemistry, mathematics, or other natural or technical science with 2+ years industry experience; MS with 1+ years industry experience.

Sr. Specialist: BS in chemistry, physics, biology, biochemistry, mathematics, or other natural or technical science with 5+ years industry experience; MS with 4+ years industry experience.

A background in laboratory science or pharmaceutical fill/finish (drug product) operations is preferred, but not required.
This is an opportunity to join our select team that is already leading the way in the Pharmaceutical/Biotech industry. Apply today and learn more about Regeneron’s unwavering commitment to combining good science & good business.
To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of Regeneron about this opening. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at Regeneron via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of Regeneron, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by Regeneron for this position and a valid agreement with Regeneron is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of the Regeneron agency engagement process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.
Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
#LI-DF1

n/a

