https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b3bf9d48375caaa3&fccid=de71a49b535e21cb&vjs=3

Entry Level - Back End Developer

IBM

- United States

Introduction
Software Developers at IBM are the backbone of our strategic initiatives to design, code, test, and provide industry-leading solutions that make the world run today - planes and trains take off on time, bank transactions complete in the blink of an eye and the world remains safe because of the work our software developers do. Whether you are working on projects internally or for a client, software development is critical to the success of IBM and our clients worldwide. At IBM, you will use the latest software development tools, techniques and approaches and work with leading minds in the industry to build solutions you can be proud of.

Your Role and Responsibilities
START DATES FOR THIS POSITION ARE IN 2020

As an Entry-Level Back-End Developer:
Are experienced with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and using databases.
Have experience using and developing APIs.
Understand user and system requirements
Have an understanding of, or experience with, Agile development methodology.

What You’ll Do:
You’ll work in an dynamic, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers.
You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability.
Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals.
Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use.
Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery.

Who You Are:
You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products.
You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.
You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.
You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages.
You have the ability to learn new skills quickly and use the skills efficiently.
Entry-Level Back-End Developers are in demand across IBM's growth areas. You'll be matched to a development team based on your skills, location preference and business needs. Positions are based in one of the following IBM offices:

AZ - Tucson*
CA - Costa Mesa*, Emeryville, Foster City, San Francisco*, San Jose,
CO - Denver*
GA - Atlanta, Sandy Springs
IL - Chicago*
KS - Lenexa*
MA - Cambridge, Littleton
MN - Rochester
NC - Durham, Raleigh
NY - Endicott, Hopewell Junction, North Castle*, Manhattan*, Poughkeepsie, Yorktown Heights,
OH - Dublin
PA - Blue Bell, Pittsburgh*
TX - Austin, Dallas, Houston, Irving*

Opportunities in all locations will vary based on business demand
indicates cities with limited opportunities


Required Professional and Technical Expertise
Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python.

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise
Willing to travel up to 10%
Bachelors or Masters Degree

About Business Unit
No matter where you work in IBM, you are making an impact. As an Early Professional with IBM, you will be taking on a key role with one of our industry-leading business units to work on the technology that is solving our most challenging problems and changing the way the world thinks.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.

n/a

