https://www.indeed.com/company/Atlantictranstrading/jobs/Entry-Level-Software-Developer-fbbb6727af87c2a3?fccid=d99ab8b858b90fe9&vjs=3

Entry Level Software Developer

InterSystems Corporation

- Cambridge, MA 02142 (MIT area)

Overview:
InterSystems is the power behind some of the world’s most important applications. With a passion for excellence and a focus on client success, InterSystems provides data management, strategic interoperability, and analytics platforms used in healthcare, financial services, government, and other industries.

We have a wide variety of products and opportunities available to entry-level applicants, so the Technical Career Development Program (TCDP) was created as a way to provide recent graduates the opportunity to experience multiple technical roles within our company before committing to a team long-term.

The TCDP will prepare you for successful integration into InterSystems' elite technical teams through structured training, personalized mentorship, and frequent collaboration with cross-functional groups. Immerse yourself in our technologies and find the team that is right for you!
Responsibilities:
Program Structure:
Begin the program with an accelerated training in our Database Platform, HealthShare, and TrakCare products
Match with a six-week project and mentor
Present your project solutions to a team of VP's, managers, and mentors
Expand your knowledge to another segment of our technologies with a second project in a different area of the company
Embark on your InterSystems career by joining a team that aligns with the skills and interests you discovered during your TCDP experience
Participating teams include:
Software Development
Quality Development
Product Support
Implementation
Release Engineering
Sales Engineering
Qualifications:
This role is intented for recent or soon to be graduates from a Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD program
Interdisciplinary academic work in Computer Science, Physics, Math, or STEM preferred
Proven prior coding experience in any language, including: Java, C++, C#, JavaScript, AngularJS, JSON, Python, or similar
Demonstrated initiative through academic excellence, extracurricular, or work experiences
Technical curiosity
Creativity towards complex technical challenges
Collaborative team mindset
Flexible demeanor in an ever-changing work environment
Initiative to build a technical foundation for a career that matters
About InterSystems:InterSystems is an innovative software company offering advanced technologies for data management, integration, and analytics seen in healthcare, financial services, and other industries that require the highest reliability and performance. More than two-thirds of the U.S. population is served by InterSystems-based healthcare technology and all of the U.S. News and World Report Honor Roll hospitals use InterSystems technologies. We are currently hiring for opportunities at our global headquarters located in the tech-hub of New England – Kendall Square!

n/a

