https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d777bfa1fb59748e&fccid=d4bca27c5f4c9dcb&vjs=3

Research Programmer II

The Scripps Research Institute

- San Diego, CA

The Data Scientist will work with the All of Us Research Program (AoURP) at Scripps Research Translational Institute (SRTI). AoURP is a landmark NIH research program that aims to engage one million US participants from diverse social, racial/ethnic, and economic backgrounds in an effort to gain better insights into the biological, environmental, and behavioral factors that influence human health.
The AoURP team at SRTI is seeking an entry level Data Scientist. As a member of our team, you will work in collaboration with other members of the team to research, design, prototype, test and document novel algorithms to process and analyze statistically large datasets from the program. Datasets are collected during recruitment and engagement campaigns, but include also wearable sensor signals and other health data. On a daily basis, you will help to collect, manage and clean heterogeneous datasets, and you will collaborate in exploring the data and extracting the most relevant fields. You will discuss findings with teammates and guide the transition of new algorithms into operational code.


Position Description
RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES
Manipulate large datasets, primarily in Python.
Contribute in the design, implementation and analysis of A/B tests in the program.
Identify new data patterns and work with the team to surface key insights through data visualizations.
Be part of a dynamic and cohesive team of highly trained and successful researchers.
Contribute to scientific publications and open source projects.


Location:
San Diego, California

Additional Information:

Physical Requirements:
Details of established essential functions for this position will be addressed/discussed during the interview process.


Basic Qualifications:
BS degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Theoretical/Computational Physics, or related filed.
Hands-on programming experience with one or more of the following: Python, Java, R, or related languages.
Excellent analytical skills, solid understanding of linear algebra and calculus along with passion in proving the concept through experiment.
Basic knowledge of statistical techniques.
Basic knowledge of Machine Learning techniques.
Experience using at least one scientific or statistical programming language such as Python (including SciPy, NumPy, Scikit-Learn, Pandas), Matlab, Octave, and R.


Preferred Qualifications:
BS/MS degree in Computer Science or Data Science.
Experience in manipulating large datasets and using databases (e.g. Python Pandas, SAS, R, SQL, S-Plus, etc.).
Knowledge of Unix Shell, Linux, and AWS.
System administration experience including setting up data science environment (including virtual environments) and managing servers.
Familiarity with basic principles of distributed computing and/or distributed databases (Spark, Hadoop, NoSQL, etc.) preferred.
Experience with standard Machine Learning techniques preferred.


Compensation:

Job Closing Date:

Open Until Filled
Yes

Job Posting Category
Scientific & Technical

EEO Statement
The Scripps Research Institute is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic or status.

n/a

