https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=285e1754ce3fdc6e&fccid=868617b9b7a14fb6&vjs=3

Software Developer (Junior/entry level)

Classlink

- Clifton, NJ 07011

Company Description
Founded in 1998, ClassLink’s mission is to empower educators to improve learning through innovative systems and services. Engineered for students and teachers, ClassLink’s products are simple to use yet empower student achievement, while lowering the overall cost of technology.
Headquartered in Clifton, NJ, ClassLink is a leading education technology company serving schools. Our software connects teachers and students within their classroom, their curriculum and each other in richer, more powerful ways across any device including smartphones, tablets and laptops. This position will NOT be remote. We offer an employee friendly, collaborative environment where we do everything possible to help our team succeed.
We are a team of passionate people striving to help improve classroom learning.
We do this by making and delivering great products.
We also like the have fun along the way.

"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world;
indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead
ClassLink — The future of instructional technology.

Job Description
Headquartered in Clifton, NJ, ClassLink is a leading education technology company serving schools around the world. We are looking for a Junior Programmer to work closely with our CTO to help create award winning cloud based technology solutions.

Qualifications
Have development experience, however, work experience is not required.
Be familiar with an at least one imperative (C/C++, Java, Javascript, C#, Python, Ruby, etc.)
Have good problem solving skills. We are looking for logical minds that can understand cause and effect and how to break down difficult problems. This is critical for programmers. The ability to solve difficult algorithms is not required.
Understand basic control structures and elements of programs like loops, variables, functions, and potentially objects and classes.
Interest in front-end and back-end development.
Be eager to learn.
Take criticism well and be assertive enough to ask for help.
700 + Math SAT REQUIRED

BS Computer Science or Engineering

Additional Information
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
We are a team of passionate people striving to help improve classroom learning.
We do this by making and delivering great products.
We also like the have fun along the way.
Please call if you want to learn more.

n/a

