https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b17839127c6d2cc8&fccid=5d1506a5df73a48e&vjs=3

Assistant Chemical Engineer

Argonne National Laboratory

- Lemont, IL 60439

Assistant Chemical Engineer
Requisition Number: 407704
Location: Lemont, IL

Functional Area: Research and Development
Division: CFC-Chemical and Fuel Cycle Technologies

Employment Category: Regular
Shift: 8:30 - 5:00

Level (Grade): RD1

Share:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter



Position Description


With mentoring, the Employee will be part of an R&D team conducting use-inspired research supporting nuclear fuel cycle and molten salt-based technologies. Assists in development of new and improved processes and measurements of fundamental properties, including radioactive materials. The activities associated with this position include:
Performing laboratory tests and measurements in glovebox facilities following established methods and procedures.
Applying technical standards, principles, and concepts to systems of various complexity.
Accurately recording data, maintaining spreadsheets, and performing calculations.
Contributing to timely completion of defined workscope.
Calibrating and maintaining instruments, equipment, and facilities.
Position Requirements


The applicant will be expected to have:
Experience in using standard laboratory instruments.
Good understanding of chemical concepts and conventions.
Demonstrated skill in preparing and handling test materials and analytical specimens.
Demonstrated basic computer skills.
Demonstrated interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.
Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact, Safety, Respect, Integrity, and Teamwork.

Other: To perform the essential functions of this position, successful applicants must provide proof of U.S. citizenship, which is required to comply with federal regulations and contracts. Illegal drug testing as defined in 10 CFR 707.4 and a background investigation will be required prior to employment.

This level of knowledge is typically achieved through a formal education in chemical engineering or a related field at the B.S. degree level with zero to three years of experience or equivalent in the scientific application of this knowledge and practical laboratory experience.

This position description documents the general nature and level of work but is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all activities, duties and responsibilities required of job incumbent. Consequently, job incumbent may be required to perform other duties as assigned.

As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Talent Recruitment Programs, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne’s Legal Department.
As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Talent Recruitment Programs, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne’s Legal Department.
Back to top

n/a

