Chemical Operations Engineer

Jarchem Industries Inc

- Newark, NJ 07105

The Chemical Operations Engineer’s primary responsibility is to support plant improvement initiatives. These include improving and developing operating procedures, operating methods, new product production methods, toll manufacturing methods, and equipment upgrades, replacements, and development. This position is an important part of the quality and food safety teams supporting Jarchem’s ISO 9001 and ISO 22000 certification programs. The Operations Engineer is a member of the plant supervisory staff and helps maintenance in planning, scheduling, ordering parts, and recording work orders.
The ideal candidate will have 1-3 years Chemical Engineering experience and a B.S in Chemical Engineering or expecting degree this May. Below are expected tasks of the Chemical Operations Engineer.
Tasks
Sales Support
Obtain Freight Quotes
Freight Costs Documentation and Analysis
Operations Improvement
Support GMP Compliance
Create and update P&ID chart and PFD's as needed
Develop Lockout Tagout Procedures
Plant Audit support
Sampling, Pailing, Drumming and Storage
Documention of one process system per quarter: P&ID, PFD and tagged.
Recommend, determine cost, and justify projects based upon estimated cost.
Maintain HACCP implementation
Participate as HACCP Team Member
Create/order signs/placards as needed in plant
Support ISO 22000
New process development
Operational Responsibilities
Daily, weekly, monthly etc. inspections/meter readings…
Neutralization system backup
Personal Care orders – Oils and butters blending, repacking, decanting, etc.
Maintenance work-order tracking
Maintain and Inventory Materials Samples Area
Maintain and Inventory Quarantine Area, Ensure proper disposition of material
Monthly Report of Old Inventory, Sample Inventory, rework inventory, quarantined inventory. In the Plant space. And disposition plans and timing...
Manage hazardous and nonhazardous chemical waste
Job Type: Full-time

n/a

