Entry Level Environmental Engineer

AECOM

- Atlanta, GA 30309 (Midtown area)

AECOM is actively seeking a highly motivated Entry Level Environmental Engineer for employment in the Atlanta, GA office. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and on-line programs.

Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed.

The responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to:

+ Work under supervision of a project manager, mid-level, or senior-level team member.

+ Gather and correlate basic engineering and scientific data using established and well-defined procedures.

+ Work on detailed or routine engineering assignments involving calculations and relatively simple tests associated with contaminated environmental media and remediation treatment systems.

+ Perform supervised field tasks, such as soil logging, monitoring well installation, sampling, testing, water level/groundwater gradient surveys, remediation system performance, etc.

+ Gather and interpret chemical and non-chemical data and other information to be used in the preparation of scientific reports, compile and organize environmental data collected by others.

+ Perform work in accordance with agreed upon budget and schedule with minimal to moderate supervision.

+ Builds analytic and design skills.

+ Conducts engineering design under the supervision of an

+ experienced engineer.

+ Creates designs, calculations, sketches, diagrams, schematic drawings, and final working drawings under the supervision of an experienced engineer.

+ Collects and analyzes data under the supervision of an experienced engineer.

+ Uses computer software as a tool for solving basic engineering problems.

+ Performs work in accordance with agreed upon budget and schedule under supervision.

Minimum Requirements

+ Bachelor's degree in relevant scientific discipline (e.g., environmental science, soil science, agriculture, geology or any scientific related field)

Preferred Qualifications

+ Strong written and verbal communication skills

+ Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)

What We Offer

When you join AECOM, you become part of a company that is

pioneering the future . Our teams around the world are involved in some of the most cutting-edge and innovative projects and programs of our time, addressing the big challenges of today and shaping the built environment for generations to come. We ensure a workplace that encourages growth, flexibility and creativity, as well as a company culture that champions

inclusion, diversity and overall

employee well-being through programs supported by company leadership. Our

core values define who we are, how we act and what we aspire to, which comes down to not only

delivering a better world , but working to “make amazing happen” in each neighborhood, community and city we touch. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours.

n/a

