Entry Level Process Engineer

ENVISION AESC US LLC

- Smyrna, TN 37167

About Envision AESC US LLC
Envision AESC is an exciting, newly created global organization committed to solving the challenges of a sustainable future and becoming the leading supplier of full-value-chain battery solutions. Our lithium-ion batteries can be found in more than 430,000 electric vehicles worldwide and have a stellar safety record of zero-critical issues. We will continue to build upon our successes and expand into new markets and industries, producing innovative and competitive products and technologies that advance the goal of a zero carbon emission future. Envision AESC is headquartered in Japan and has battery manufacturing locations in Japan, UK and the U.S. We are currently seeking candidates to fill an Entry Level Process Engineering role to support our Smyrna, TN plant.

Job Summary
This is an exciting opportunity for a recent College Graduate. We are looking for an Entry Level Process Engineer to support the Engineering Department for our manufacturing facility. As an Entry Level Process Engineer, you will have the opportunity to assist with the design and introduction of improvements to our processes. You will use your process engineering skills to influence and inspire change while ensuring that safety and quality considerations are paramount at all times. Work across the organization to foster continuous improvement for long-term success.
Job Functions
The following job function statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of this position
Identify areas for improvement and optimize equipment availability, cycle time, utilization and cost.
Create equipment and process qualification plans and successfully execute them.
Perform process capability studies and audits as required to maintain the highest level of product quality.
Manage multiple projects and deadlines.
Perform, maintain and develop countermeasures for potential failure mode and effects analysis.
Familiar with available analytics tools and data.
Strong team member, able to work well with a global team, train new team members as needed and other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering - prefer Mechanical, Electrical, or Chemical Degree
Co-op/internship and/or up to two years’ professional engineering experience in an automotive manufacturing environment is preferred.
Must be a self-motivated individual with good written and verbal communication skills.
Automotive OEM or Tier 1 Supplier experience a plus.
Must have good understanding of root cause analysis, problem solving techniques, and process control management for quality and throughput issue resolution.
Proficient in MS Office applications and knowledge of AutoCAD, Inventor, Statistics, Basic Engineering Principles, Reporting of Technical items
Other duties as assigned.
Physical Requirements
The physical requirements described below are representative of those an employee must normally meet to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable otherwise qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.
Travel
Occasional international travel.
All of us at Envision AESC – regardless of functional area or expertise – share a passion to design, manufacture, and sell high-performance products. It is our policy to provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of race, gender, disability, or any other status protected by law. Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States and will be required to provide proof of employment eligibility at the time of hire.
For more information, visit http://www.envision-aesc.com
**Visa sponsorship for this position is not available at this time.*

n/a

