Junior Engineer, Process

Heraeus

- Wartburg, TN 37887

Junior Engineer, Process
Location Wartburg – Tennessee
Permanent
Full Time
Imagine a job where you will have the opportunity to do exciting and challenging work, while collaborating with extraordinary colleagues. A company that invests in you and your career, providing the training, mentoring, development and support you need to be successful now and in the future. If you want a career without limits with a market-leading family-owned, global company where you can make an impact, then imagine an opportunity at Heraeus. Every day, our worldwide team of nearly 15,000 employees are bringing forward new ideas and solutions that are impacting and transforming everything from healthcare to renewable energy to e-mobility to high-tech and telecommunications.

The primary funtion of this role is to act as an engineer of Process Development for Heraeus Precious Metals North America, including all sites in accordance with Heraues Holding and W.C. Heraeus World Wide principles.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES (other duties may be assigned as required):
Design and development of next generation production processes and improvement of the existing technology.
Support production in the case of acute problems either with Project Manager & Process Engineer approval, or in an emergency with prompt notification.
Support maintenance group in the case of acute problems and questions concerning material selection and corrosion resistance either with Project Manager & Process Engineer approval, or in an emergency with prompt notification.
Plans and execute assigned projects for the development of new processes and products under special consideration of costs and time schedule.
Train employees on new work instructions or equipment upgrades.
Develope and executed projects related to production in close working together with production managers, supervisors and operators.
Maintain complete documentation of assigned projects including operational, working instructions and procedures according to HPMN’s ISO system.
Deliver data necessary for permit registration and authority compliance within CA & TN and USA legislation.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
An experienced engineer with appropriate industry experience, preferably in the precious metal industry.
An energetic, forward-thinking and creative individual with high ethical standards and an appropriate professional image.
Sound technical skills, analytical ability, good judgment and strong operational focus.
A well-organized and self-directed individual who is “politically savvy” and a team player.
An intelligent and articulate individual who can relate to people at all levels of an organization and possesses excellent communication skills.
Bachelors Degree in Engineering or Chemical Engineering.
2+ years working experienced preferred but will consider recent college graduates.
Strong work ethic, positive outlook, intergirty, reliable, into the details and a teamplayer

If you want to do more than make a living, at Heraeus you can make a difference. We can provide you with the opportunity - and Open Space - where your ideas and career can grow and advance. We offer attractive compensation, top-notch benefits, and an ideal environment that supports your professional development. You can find more information at www.heraeus.com/careersusa.

n/a

