Process Engineer

BASF Corporation

- West Memphis, AR 72301

Job Field: PROD - Production, Maintenance & Technicians
Location: West Memphis, AR, US
Company: BASF Corporation
Job Type: Standard
Job ID: EN_US_1902454

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Description
At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation.
We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development.
And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Employers in 2019. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future!
Process Engineer (1901777) – West Memphis, AR
Where the Chemistry Happens
The Dispersions & Resins business of BASF develops, produces, and markets a range of high-quality resins, additives, colorants, and polymer dispersions worldwide. These raw materials are used in formulations for coatings and paints, printing and packaging products, construction coatings, adhesives, cellulosics and composites, and paper manufacturing. With a comprehensive product portfolio and extensive knowledge of the industries we serve, our customers benefit from innovative and sustainable solutions to help them advance their formulations through chemistry.
For further information about the Dispersions & Resins business in North America, please visit http://www.basf.us/dpsolutions.
We are seeking a professional like you to provide technical process engineering support to ensure safe and efficient production. In addition, you will work in close collaboration with other engineers/managers at the West Memphis site providing technical support for the production processes. You will work under the collaborative direction and supervision of the Operations Manager.
Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent
Formula for Success
Demonstrating your experience working in a chemical manufacturing environment, you will provide process engineering support for Process Safety, MOCs, PHAs, PSM, RMP, and EHS for the West Memphis manufacturing processes.
Your strong computer skills, specifically Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint (SAP skills are preferred), will aid you in developing and maintaining documentation for regulatory compliance as it relates to the manufacturing processes.
Using your effective interpersonal communication skills to collaborate successfully with other functions, you will provide process engineering support to Operations for process troubleshooting, reliability improvements and problem solving.
Working under limited supervision, you will develop process improvements for plant safety, quality, and productivity.
Leveraging your education in Engineering you will assist in plant trials for new and improved products and processes.
Your robust analytical skills and mechanical aptitude will serve you well as you provide process engineering support toward efforts to improve plant productivity and product quality.
Utilizing your solid problem-solving and troubleshooting abilities, you will support plant DCS and process control strategies to improve and troubleshoot plant processes.

Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You
Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry.

The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career.

BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.

n/a

