Process Engineer

Caraustar

- Los Angeles, CA

Overview
Greif, Inc. (NYSE: GEF, GEF.B) is a global leader in industrial packaging products and services and is pursuing its vision to become the world’s best performing customer service company in industrial packaging. The company produces steel, plastic and fibre drums, intermediate bulk containers, reconditioned containers, flexible products, containerboard, uncoated recycled paperboard, coated recycled paperboard, tubes and cores and a diverse mix of specialty products. The company also manufactures packaging accessories and provides filling, packaging and other services for a wide range of industries. Greif also manages timber properties in the southeastern United States. The company is strategically positioned with 290 operating locations in 43 countries to serve global as well as regional customers.
Responsibilities
PURPOSE
Provide technical support and training to drive continuous improvement in the performance of all aspects of the operation – safety, quality assurance and customer service, productivity, operating efficiencies and cost containment.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Perform all required duties and tasks in accordance with Greif’s accounting policies and financial control procedures.
Perform as a leader providing technical support and training to guide changes to plant process and procedures in order to reduce process variability, improve product performance in customer plants, reduce manufacturing costs and improve operating efficiency.
Facilitate the continuous improvement process by which projects and activities are identified, defined, developed and prioritized. Examples include facilitating meetings, evaluating recommendations, planning and facilitating the implementation of changes, tracking activities and reporting progress.
Identify opportunities to improve existing procedures and workflow processes.
Maintain specified equipment records.
Purchase specified operating supplies.
Participate in downtime maintenance and readiness planning and project management activities.
Provide support and training to employees to improve mill safety and housekeeping programs and procedures.
Develop and maintain materials and processes related to stock preparation, including refining, paper machine wet end, sheet pressing and drying.
Train production employees in analytical problem solving and decision making techniques as applicable.

OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES
Comply in all respects with the provisions of the Greif Standards of Business Conduct Policy required.
Work safely and actively demonstrates support of the company’s safety initiatives.
Qualifications

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
Bachelor of Science or higher in chemical or mechanical engineering or related degree with experience in process, product or technology development. Pulp and Paper related degree and/or background a plus.
Process improvement knowledge in a manufacturing environment such as Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma, etc., to drive operational excellence system is a plus.
Statistical Process Control knowledge is desired.
Ability to efficiently multi-task and meet/supersede stated objectives.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office.
Proficiency in data analysis.
Proficiency in Infinity QS or Parcview a plus.
Must be able to communicate efficiently and effectively both written and verbal.
Excellent team leadership abilities and interpersonal skills.
Able to effectively and consistently demonstrate time management skills.
Ability to adhere to healthy safety practices.

n/a

