Production Engineer

BASF Corporation

- Bishop, TX 78343

Job Field: ENGI - Engineering & Technical Service
Location: Bishop, TX, US
Company: BASF Corporation
Job Type: Standard
Job ID: EN_US_1903601

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Description
At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We achieve this through our commitment to continuous improvement and operational excellence, which gives us the opportunity to set and deliver on ambitious, long-term goals.
We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development. This allows for our employees to innovate and generate new ideas, put them into action, and gain insights from them to further advance our collective expertise.
And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Employers in 2019. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future!
Production Engineer (1903601) – Bishop, TX
Where the Chemistry Happens
As a valued member of the Bishop Site team, you will support the day to day operation of plants, provide technical assistance in execution of the required production plan. You will exercise strong leadership in safe plant operation and adherence to BASF Process Safety rules and policies. In this role, you will lead and facilitate complex plant improvement projects to successfully achieve real-world improvements.
This is an excellent opportunity to demonstrate your self-motivated work style and ability to work with minimal supervision. You will also share your excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as your familiarity with EHS concepts and knowledge of OSHA, EPA and CGMP standards and regulations.
You will be reporting to the Senior Production Manager.
Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent
Formula for Success
Leveraging your educational background in Engineering (preferably Chemical Engineering) and professional experience with production, process or mechanical troubleshooting and optimization activities at a manufacturing facility, you will act as Manufacturing Representative of Capital Projects providing process and design input through project scope, justification, timing, design and construction for capital projects.Relying on your strong initiative and proven track record of working in a team environment, you will develop and lead the commissioning and start-up of capital projects.Demonstrating your proven problem-solving and analytical skills, you will provide technical support and troubleshooting expertise to the Daily Operational Team along with Root Cause Failure Analysis efforts for production, EHS, and Quality incidents.Your working knowledge and experience with Process Improvement Methodologies (LEAN; Six Sigma) will be a valued asset as you develop and drive Continuous Process Safety and/or Environmental Improvements.Your strong commitment to compliance will be essential as you coordinate, complete, and document PSSR, MOC reviews, and revalidations in collaboration with global technology and global safety groups to meet process safety and environmental requirements.Driving strategic decisions for the business, you will provide guidance and input to theachievement of plant goals, objectives, and operational budgets.Sharing your knowledge of DCS and advanced process control systems, you will provide expertise in the application of PIMS and drive automation to improve effectiveness of the production technology. Additionally, you will support alarm management and troubleshooting for DCS/SIS systems, including recommending control and interlock strategy development/implementation.Your ability to provide on-call support will be vital as you will respond to any after hour events that impact production or EHS.Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You
Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry.
The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career.
BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.

n/a

