R&D Associate Engineer

PepsiCo

- United States

Nationwide Opportunities- Please Read:
Just because this role looks like it's located in Purchase, NY doesn't mean it is! At PepsiCo we place R&D Interns/ Full- Time hires primarily in the three headquarter locations: Plano, TX; Chicago/Barrington, IL; Purchase/Valhalla, NY. In some cases, Interns/Full-Time hires will be placed in satellite locations. Location preferences will be discussed in the interview process.

We are PepsiCo
PepsiCo is a global food and beverage leader operating in more than 200 countries and territories with a product portfolio that includes 22 world-famous, billion-dollar brands. From Gatorade to Quaker, LIFEWTR to Lay’s, we make hundreds of enjoyable foods and beverages that are loved throughout the world.

Guiding PepsiCo is our vision to be the global leader in convenient foods and beverages by Winning with Purpose. “Winning with Purpose” reflects our ambition to win sustainably in the marketplace and embed purpose into all aspects of the business.

Our employees drive our culture. No two days are the same; we’re dynamic and full of passionate teams embracing new ideas through our collaborative spirit. At PepsiCo, what makes you unique, makes us better!

Functional Description:
As a R&D Engineer, you will collaborate with cross functional teams comprising technical experts within the R&D function, as well as business unit leaders to design, execute, and launch new innovative products across PepsiCo’s portfolio. You will play a critical role in the innovation lifecycle by providing your insight and technical expertise from ideation through product launch.

What you can expect:
As a process engineer, you will design and develop process test protocols, lead the execution of plant trials, and analyze/communicate test results for potential new product launches.
During plant trials, you will leverage strong leadership and problem solving skills to troubleshoot processing issues and make quick informed decisions on your feet within the dynamic manufacturing environment.
Collaboration with third-party equipment vendors and suppliers to design, optimize, and/or validate food and beverage processing technologies.
Exposure to cross-functional teams within and beyond R&D, including marketing, sensory, analytical, operations, and strategy, from domestic and international markets.
Opportunities to expand technical knowledge and education beyond your current expertise through internal PepsiCo R&D education programs, as well as external collaborations with universities.
Qualifications/Requirements
What we’re looking for:
Currently pursuing a degree in: Engineering (Chemical/Food Process/Mechanical/Electrical) (other related majors will be considered)
Demonstrated ability to translate business objectives into strategic and tactical project goals and objectives
Proven ability to make significant technical scientific advances utilizing internal and/or external resources
Demonstrated understanding of how to incorporate business needs into technical decisions
The ability and interest to work in laboratory, pilot plant and manufacturing scale environments
Proven ability to manage multiple assignments/ tasks
Familiarity with data science preferred
Strong communication skills (oral and written)
Willingness to travel up to 25%
Minimum Qualifications - Each candidate is expected to:
Must hold a Bachelor’s degree prior to intended full time start date
This position is limited to persons with indefinite right to work in the United States.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901-4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy.

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
Relocation Eligible: Eligible for Standard Relocation

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 - 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement

n/a

