Reliability Engineer

BASF Corporation

- Louisville, KY 40212 (Portland area)

Job Field: ENGI - Engineering & Technical Service
Location: Louisville, KY, US
Company: BASF Corporation
Job Type: Standard
Job ID: EN_US_1902126

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Description
At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation.


We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development.
And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Employers in 2019. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future!

Reliability Engineer (1902126) – Louisville, KY

We are seeking a professional like you to develop and implement reliability engineering systems for the assigned site. We are relying on you to responsibly apply reliability methodologies including, but not limited to, Risk-Based Inspections (RBIs), Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM), and Root Cause Failure Analysis (RCFA). In addition, we will look to you to promote a culture of continuous improvement employing LEAN manufacturing tools. You will develop and monitor Preventative Maintenance/Predictive Maintenance (PM/PdM) programs, and have ownership of resolving maintenance technical issues and supporting reliability and mechanical integrity efforts.
Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent
Formula for Success
Your extensive knowledge of reliability tools, practices, and other common equipment associated with a manufacturing facility will be essential as you expedite improvements, optimize costs, and improve overall asset effectiveness. Driving strategic decisions for the business, you will develop a multi-year reliability improvement plan that includes facilitation and execution of capital and expense projects for various operating units at the site. Leveraging your bachelor’s degree and professional background in Mechanical Engineering or a related field, you will supply your engineering expertise in the specification, design, and construction of projects in accordance with plant design requirements, BASF standards, and regulatory requirements. Successfully engaging across the business, you will support capital projects by supplying your engineering expertise, provide input for the Maintenance budget, and participate in the “Bad Actor” program and implement action plans to improve reliability. Your experience with manufacturing reporting systems such as SAP will be useful as you will review work order feedback forms for accuracy and completeness and provide recommended improvements to similar future work. Your sound familiarity with instrumentation, electrical, and mechanical equipment will be an asset as you provide technical support to the Maintenance Team on challenging equipment repair issues. Your ability to make crucial business decisions will be valued as you identify areas of cost reduction and prepare preventative Maintenance requirements for new and existing equipment. Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You

Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry.

The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career.

BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.

n/a

