Rotational Development Engineer

Pfizer

- McPherson, KS

ROLE SUMMARY
The McPherson Rotational Development Engineer(RDE) is an entry-level position designed to provide recent graduates accelerated training in the Pharmaceutical Operations field. This position offers real world, hands-on experience in important roles and projects to the company while promoting personal and professional.
ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Be responsible to deliver on key goals and objectives for the company and contribute to the overall success of the company.
Rotate through approximately two to four challenging, demanding and diverse assignments in different disciplines targeted to provide career growth and experience.
Develop and enhance your communication skills as you may be responsible for supervising others, participating in meetings, and providing presentations to other Pfizer personnel at all levels of the organization.
Have the opportunity to gain experience in multiple disciplines that may include Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality, Operational Excellence, Technical Operations, Supply Chain, Validation and others.
Be paired with program mentors who provide guidance and oversight of your development in the program.
Obtain training focused to support your professional growth and development.
Be certified in Lean/Six Sigma and obtain your Yellow Belt
Report to a department manager in each assignment who will oversee your day-to-day responsibilities.
Perform other related duties as assigned or required.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree required. Degree in Engineering (Chemical, Mechanical, Industrial, Biomedical Engineering) or Life Sciences (Chemistry, Biochemistry, Microbiology) preferred
Strong academic performance (minimum 3.2 GPA preferred)
Previous work, internship or co-op experience preferred
Strong team skills with demonstrated leadership ability
Passion for learning and pursuing a career in the health care industry
Exceptional interpersonal skills and proven track record of teamwork, adaptability, innovation and initiative
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Last Date to Apply for Job: November 8, 2019
Pfizer is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable equal employment opportunity legislation in each jurisdiction in which it operates.

n/a

