Applications Engineering Chemist

DuBois

- Indian Orchard, MA

Description
This scientific role supports DuBois cleaning, plating, metal pretreatment, and metal finishing product line applications. Preferred candidates will have experience in these areas, but is not specifically required. Candidates will be expected to be familiar with safe laboratory practices and controlled contact with metal cleaners and pretreatments is expected. The candidate will work with a team of chemists and engineers, solving applications challenges for industrial finishing customers. The candidate may also be asked to collaborate with research, analytical, marketing and sales teams, creating opportunities for future roles and advancement. This position reports to the Director of Research and Technology.
Responsibilities
Technical support of Assigned product lines, including customer, distributors and sales representative inquiries. Rapid response to phone inquiries
Provide product recommendations; either through testing and validation or experience.
Write technical reports, interpreting data provided by analytical team, which will provide operating guidance to customers and internal resources.
Provide testing and validation support for new product development. In some cases, this may include the formulation of new products (limited to short duration projects with known actions).
Provide and develop processes or applications for customers. Work with other process chemists or analytical team for validation. This may also include work with the equipment team to develop equipment and application of the equipment in these processes.
Meet established metrics for turnaround on process or application work orders
As a subject matter expert, provide technical content for the DuBois: Website, Training Materials, Technical Data Sheet, and Technical Bulletins.
Work with product line management and R&D to seek OEM approval, evaluation and execution.
With the assistance of the regulatory team, provide regulatory support to sale and customers
Although not a primary role, this role may be required to support sales activities on customer locations, provide support for startups in the form of technical support and troubleshooting. This role may also asked to participate in trade shows or be requested to provide training to customers/prospects on products and applications
Although not a primary role, personnel in this role may also be asked to provide data for material compatibility, develop test methods, or work with R&D or Analytical teams to provide the same.
Travel Requirements
This role can include up to 30% travel, as the candidate gains more experience with the product lines.
Requirements
Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or related science
Preferred candidates will have at least 4 years' experience in engineering, research, or scientific applications
Experience in plating and metal finishing preferred
Experience with instrumentation, MS Word products, SharePoint or database management software preferred
Experience is scientific or engineering field preferred
8vBCMzlDZX

n/a

