Assembler Installer

BOEING

- Renton, WA

Becoming an Assembler Installer at The Boeing Company is an exciting opportunity to see multiple areas of the production system while working on different airplane programs throughout your career.
As an Assembler Installer you will work within a final assembly environment by drawing on knowledge acquired from training and certification classes to complete your daily assigned work. By interpreting drawings and reading/comprehending work instructions you will be responsible for identifying your work (task) location on the airplane/part/tooling and identifying all required hand tools, parts and equipment to accomplish defect-free work.
For an Assembler, daily assigned work could include: Within the Final Assembly environment:
Use a computer in a production environment.
Look up/read/comprehend technical work instructions, drawings and/or specifications.
Install various parts and assemblies such as landing gear, aircraft control surfaces, exterior panels, carpets, blankets, roller trays/ball mats, stowbins, sidewalls, ceiling panels, lavatories, galleys, doors, and seats.
Install various aircraft system components such as tubing, valves, regulators, actuators, compressors, and ducts.
Depending on your work environment and assigned work the following tools and materials might be used:
Appropriate protective clothing/equipment determined by the task you are performing. Operate mechanical lifts of various types (e.g. ladders, tiger and snorkel lifts). Various tools such as Rivet gun and bucking bar, screwdrivers, lock bolt puller, power screwdriver, C-squeeze, ratchet wrench, nut runner, Winslow, 90-Degree Power Vane, or Quackenbush and various other hand tools. Chemical solvents, sealants, coatings, primers, adhesives, paints and special finishes once your work is completed per drawing requirement you’ll inspect your work quality and check for FOD (Foreign Object Debris).
The daily Physical Demands experienced are dependent upon your work environment, but most Assembler Installers can experience:
Carrying/Lifting up to 10-35 pounds. Flexion/Extension (head bent down, head bent back), Handling, Kneeling, Bending at the waist, Reaching (overhead), Rotation of head/neck, Standing, Twisting at the waist and walking. Use of high impact vibratory tools (bucking/riveting). Climbing/balancing (stairs, ladders, poles, scaffolding, inclined surfaces), Crawling, Crouching (squatting). Working around energized sources (electrical equipment and hazards/shock, e.g. circuit breakers and wiring) and exposure to constant noise. Finger manipulation (keyboarding, other). Reading from a computer screen, printed drawings or documents.
Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world.
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Other Relevant Information and Requirements:
This is an hourly position governed by the IAM Collective Bargaining agreement.
This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required.
Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

n/a

