Associate Process Engineer

McDermott

- Houston, TX 77042 (West Houston area)

Associate Process Engineer - (1911679)
Lummus Technology Career Development Program
The Lummus Technology Career Development Program offers a unique and exciting approach to career growth for college graduate engineers. The Program consists of a combination of on-the-job training and meaningful job assignments in various technologies and departments. The goal of the Program is to give graduates diverse cross-training opportunities designed to build their knowledge to turn engineering grads into Technologists.

Process Engineer
Utilizing exposure to numerous licensed process technologies, the Process Engineer performs process and systems engineering on high-value projects, proposals and studies. This position works collaboratively with team members across the organization and around the world to develop process design simulations to provide complex solutions to our customers. In addition, the Program exposes engineers to:
Petrochemicals, gas processing, and refining technologies
Proprietary catalysts
Specialized equipment
Consulting and technical services
World-class Research & Development facilities
Engineers work in a collaborative and engaging environment, are assigned mentors to help familiarize them to the business, and can design their own career path towards success.

Technical Roles & Responsibilities
Proposal Generation
Process Configurations, Process Kinetics, Catalyst Selection, Reactor Sizing, Product Yields and Properties and Utilities
Process Design
Heater Process Design, Simulation, Heat & Material Balance, Process Flow Diagrams, Equipment Sizing, Catalyst Requirements and Reviewing/Developing the Basis of Design Documents
Systems Engineering
P&I Development, Hydraulics/Line Sizing, Equipment Design, Instrumentation, Flare Load Calculations, and Safety Valve Calculations & Specifications
Computer design tools and databases
Process Simulation (Pro II), Process Simulation (Unisim), Material balance Equipment data Sheet, Column Sizing, Preparing Process Specifications, Equipment Sizing, and Hydraulic Calculations
World-Class Research & Development
Requirements& Preferences
Minimum requirement for this entry-level position is a Bachelor degree in Chemical Engineering with a 3.5 GPA.

Ideal candidates meet this requirement and are also creative and innovative thinkers, have strong interpersonal skills, and good verbal and written communication skills as well. In addition, they can collaborate and work in a team environment and have the ability to travel.

A Challenge and an Opportunity
Lummus Technology prides itself as a premier employer of engineering talent. Simply put, we are a special place to work and that is a direct result of employing top-level talent. That talent begins with the Lummus Technology Career Development Program.

Over the course of a two-year period, graduate engineers are exposed to various technologies across our expansive technology portfolio. It is a valuable and challenging opportunity to join an innovative world-class technology organization.

Company Overview:
McDermott is a premier, fully-integrated provider of technology, engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry. For more than a century, customers have trusted McDermott to design and build end-to-end infrastructure and technology solutions—from the wellhead to the storage tank—to transport and transform oil and gas into the products the world needs today.

Primary Location: USA-Texas-Houston
Job: Process (Eng)
Employee Status: Direct / Regular
Schedule: Full-time
Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time
Job Posting: Nov 1, 2019, 8:37:20 AM

n/a

