Associate Environmental Engineer

HydroGeoLogic, Inc

- Denver, CO

Description/Job Summary
Currently, HGL is seeking an Associate Environmental Engineer to join our team in Denver, CO. HGL (HydroGeologic, Inc.), is an industry leader with over 30 years of experience providing comprehensive environmental engineering services by implementing innovative, effective, and sustainable solutions that address today's environmental, infrastructure, and natural resource challenges. HGL provides environmental engineering, remediation, and construction services, as well as Military Munitions Response Program support to the U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Department of Energy, and other federal and state government clients. HGL is one of the few companies that remain committed to research and development, offering a dynamic work environment for creative, energetic professionals.
Responsibilities/Duties
The successful candidate will be responsible for execution of environmental field tasks and related office work, including work plan and report preparation under the direction of a project manager. Tasks may include calculations, development of maps and drawings, data entry and analysis, cost estimation, environmental field work to include; data collection/environmental sampling and overseeing remedial actions.
Periodic business travel is required. Travel is anticipated to consist of visits to client offices and project sites. Travel is expected about 50% of the year.
Required Skills
This is a mid-level position and generally requires 2-5 years of related work experience. The successful candidate will have some experience in one or more of the following:
Preparation of work plans, project deliverables, and cost estimates.
Preparing engineering calculations, maps, and drawings.
Completion of soil borings and well installations utilizing various drilling methods.
Collection of water, soil, and soil vapor samples utilizing various sampling techniques.
Supporting the design and implementation of remedial actions.
Construction oversight.
Supporting risk assessments.
Knowledge of and experience with RCRA, CERCLA, DoD, DoE, or USEPA projects.
Must demonstrate a history of responsibility, initiative, motivation and creativity. Must possess strong written and oral communication skills, and attention to detail. Must also be willing to participate in all project tasks including but not limited to field work, data analysis, and report preparation. Proficiency in MS Office applications to include MS Project and MS Power Point are a plus.
Required Education
The position requires a minimum of a BS or BA degree in Environmental Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Geotechnical Engineering, or Geologic Engineering. An MS degree in any of the same subject areas is a plus. Professional registration is preferred (e.g. PE) or the ability to obtain when eligible.
Details
To perform the duties of this position a person will need to be in good physical health and be able to lift up to 50 pounds in order to perform field tasks. Field tasks may take place in environments which include rugged terrain and weather extremes. The successful candidate will have OSHA HAZWOPER certification. Overtime and moderate physical work are routinely required. A pre-hire drug test and physical is required. Some positions may require US Citizenship.

n/a

