Chemical Process Engineer

GE Aviation

- Huntsville, AL

Role Summary:
Our Ceramic Matrix Composite team is revolutionizing technology of GE’s jet propulsion strategy. The Chemical Process Engineer will demonstrate expertise in complex, highly technical concepts associated with the chemical manufacturing process.
Essential Responsibilities:
The CMC Value Stream’s proprietary technology uses chemical process at many of our sites. At GE Aviation, EHS and Process Safety are core to our business success, and we are committed to committed to establishing and implementing robust systems to drive best-in-class performance.

As the Chemical Engineer, you will:
Provide functional leadership in Liquid/Gas Raw Materical including storage, transportation, management and distribution systems.
Support production of CMC Tape and Fiber. Participate in design reviews to ensure supplier/system capability.
Lead Management of Change (MOC's) and Pre-Start Up Safety Reviews (PSSR's).
Establish operating procedures and provide training for entry-level engineers, maintenance crews and operations teams.
Drive Process Safety Management (PSM) in high-risk operations

Qualifications/Requirements:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or college (or a high school diploma / GED with at least 4 years of experience in Manufacturing).
Minimum of 3 additional years of experience in Production, Process, and Equipment.

Desired Characteristics:
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Strong interpersonal and leadership skills.
Ability to influence others and lead in a team environment.
Lead initiatives of moderate scope and impact.
Ability to coordinate several projects simultaneously.
Effective problem identification and solution skills.
Proven analytical and organizational ability.
Ability and willingness to travel as required.
#CMCJob

About Us:
At GE Aviation, we are imagination at work. Whether we’re manufacturing components for our GEnx engines or driving innovation in fuel and noise reduction, the GE Aviation teams are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into advances in aviation that tackle some of the world’s toughest problems. Join us and you’ll find yourself in a dynamic environment where our ongoing, substantial investment in research and development keeps us moving forward and looking ahead. At GE, developing people is embedded in our culture and integral to our growth. Here you’ll work collaboratively and across functions with the highest caliber talent, utilizing ground breaking technology and processes. Whether it’s the next generation of ecomagination products or the future of aircraft engines, we’ve got the state-of-the-art resources to make those innovations a reality. If you’re passionate about aviation and looking for a career rich with challenges and unlimited opportunities for growth and advancement, then join GE in reengineering the sky through aviation innovations that will impact the
globe for generations to come.
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). This role is restricted to U.S. persons (i.e., U.S. citizens, permanent residents, and other protected individuals under the Immigration and Naturalization Act, 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)) due to access to export-controlled technology. GE will require proof of status prior to employment.
Additional Locations:
United States;Alabama;Huntsville;

n/a

