Chemical Engineer / Project Manager

Xytel Corporation

- Roebuck, SC 29376

Company Description
Xytel is seeking a successful project leader who wants to work in an exciting, cutting-edge diverse ChE industry. Xytel designs and manufacturers state-of-the-art pilot and demo scale plants tailored to meet the evolving process technologies for our world class customer’s. We are in beautiful upstate South Carolina only a short drive away from Greenville (30 miles), Asheville (70 miles), and Charlotte (90 miles). Greenville has long been recognized as having one of the highest per capita concentrations of engineers of anywhere in the U.S., estimated at over 5,000 working in service companies alone. Xytel is therefore ideally located in a technical hub for product development.
Xytel offers a full range of engineering and fabrication services to assist companies in taking new processes and products from the conceptual to the commercial scale, bridging the gap between glassware & commercial manufacturing plants. Our experience encompasses more than 215 different products across various markets; from ammonia to zeolites, fructose to fuel cells, and jet fuels to waxes… and growing.
Come join our team and learn about the newest processes and innovative technologies in the world!
www.xytelcorp.com
Job Description
Project manage the design and construction of pilot plants for chemical/petrochemical industries.
Take the client handoff from Business Development to solidify scope and kick off diverse and exciting pilot plant projects. Serve as the single point client contact from kickoff to site startup.
Lead/coordinate projects definition through PHA and procurement. Issue P&IDs, define equipment specifications, and coordinate vendors for procurement.
Lead a CAD design team to develop layout and design of the pilot unit
Define project requirements to the Electrical and Controls department during detailed design
Issue quality design packages to Xytel in-house construction team, on-time.
Assist construction technicians to interpret design and resolve emerging issues.
Shepherd the pilot unit through testing, and startup at the client facility.
Travel or skype presentations as needed to keep the client happy and informed
Support emergent business development activities such as estimating or BD travel
Intermittent domestic and international travel is required to perform job duties, including commissioning equipment on customer site and occasionally during construction activities. Typical trips are 2-3 days, 3-5 trips per year. Possibly one trip 1-2 weeks per year.
Requirements
BS degree in Chemical Engineering from an accredited US college or university.
Must be comfortable interacting and managing with clients and vendors. Expertise to lead a diverse team to manage cost, quality and schedule to drive project completion. Experience in installing/running commercial processes or R&D equipment and conducting experiments a plus. Knowledge of chemical processes; understanding of electrical instrumentation/automation; Strong project management, leadership, and communication skills. PRO/II experience a plus.
Must be US citizen or legally able to work in the United States.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
Process Engineering: 5 years (Required)
Project Management: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)

n/a

