Chemical Engineering Co-Op

Wolverine Advanced Materials

- Dearborn, MI

Company Overview:
Wolverine Advanced Materials, an entity of ITT Corporation’s Motion Technologies Division, is a leading developer and manufacturer of high performance materials. Our core competency is in performance-critical, specialty elastomer–coated metals that offer damping and seal-ability solutions in the automotive and gasket industries.
ITT is a diversified leading manufacturer of highly engineered critical components and customized technology solutions for the energy, transportation and industrial markets. Building on its heritage of innovation, ITT partners with its customers to deliver enduring solutions to the key industries that underpin our modern way of life. Founded in 1920, ITT is headquartered in White Plains, N.Y., with employees in more than 35 countries and sales in a total of approximately 125 countries. The company generated 2014 revenues of $2.7 billion. For more information, visit www.itt.com.
Motion Technologies is one of four ITT Value Centers focused on the Transportation industry. The Motion Technologies Value Center generates over $862M in revenues and is made up of three businesses.
Wolverine’s Global Footprint:
We employ approximately 600 people worldwide, with global headquarters in Dearborn, MI.
Sales and Technical Offices
Dearborn, Michigan
Chennai, India
Ohrignen, Germany
Shanghai, China
Tokyo, Japan

Manufacturing Operations
Blacksburg, VA
Changshu, China
Leesburg, Florida
Ohringen, Germany
Position Summary:
Responsibilities include assisting technology team in material coating development as well as conducting a wide range of test procedures/methods for technical analysis, production verification and quality control.
Position Responsibilities:
Learn and perform material tests, analyze data and provide timely results
Provide technical test support for R&D, production and quality programs
Prepare samples and test setup/preparation as required
Develop a strong proficiency across a broad range of test protocols/method
Gain a firm understanding of polymer material coatings and associated technologies
Provide written reports and technical results for project team and management
Supports and adheres to policies, procedures, and operational guidelines related to established quality management system (TS 16949).
Follows all safety rules and procedures in the performance of this position’s duties and reports any unsafe practices to the supervisor.
Additional duties and responsibilities as assigned by immediate supervisor
Position Requirements:
Pursuing B.S. in Chemical Engineering or Chemistry
Polymer experience preferred
Wolverine Advanced Materials is an equal opportunity employer.

n/a

