Chemical Production Engineer

Evans and James

- El Dorado, AR

As a Production Engineer, you'll have an opportunity to have significant impact on our chemical operations. In this dynamic and challenging role, you’ll have the chance to:
Provide safety leadership and address issues in a timely manner.
Support operator training for technical and process responsibilities.
Lead and support operators with troubleshooting (quality, mechanical, process, etc.).
Collaborate with maintenance team members to coordinate preventive, routine and emergency maintenance.
Perform daily process review of trends, quality data, and environmental data.
Develop lockout checklists as needed.
Work with the Reliability Engineer to reduce unplanned downtime.
Initiate and develop process improvements, including safety and productivity.
Initiate and develop ideas for capital projects and coordinate with the project engineering group to execute approved projects.
Initiate, coordinate and complete MOCs.
Lead or participate in incident investigations for assigned area and complete assigned recommendations in a timely manner.
Perform routine procedure reviews.
Address and resolve customer complaints in a timely manner.
Maintain all requirements of the Quality Management System
Perform monthly and annual cost center reviews.
Perform quality reviews to drive continual improvement.
Perform on-call duties for production group as assigned.
Audit employee performance for compliance with safety and procedural requirements.
What you need to succeed:
A bachelor’s degree in chemical or mechanical engineering is required.
3+ years’ experience in a manufacturing environment is required.
Aptitude for problem solving, effective decision making, experience in training others, and effective at leading individuals and groups toward resolution of issues.
Ability to work in temperature extremes as typical in the region.
Availability to work on a variable schedule, to include evenings, nights and weekends as needed, in addition to normally scheduled work week.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and use problem solving tools.
Knowledge of chemical processes, equipment, and manufacturing technologies including mechanical conveying, piping systems, pumps, and instrumentation is required.
Experience with kettle and reactor operations and/or distillation/refinery operations is preferred.
Ability to communicate effectively through verbal and written methods, including electronic means using current software platforms and mobile devices.
Knowledge of maintenance processes including mechanical, electrical, and instrumentation.
Knowledge of safety, health, and environmental regulations and principles.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $85,000.00 to $110,000.00 /year
Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Preferred)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Relocation:
UAE (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Relocation assistance
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture

n/a

