Chemical, Metallurgical, or Material Science Engineering Internship

AK Steel

- Dearborn, MI 48120

AK Steel Dearborn Works is currently seeking Chemical, Metallurgical, and Material Science Engineering students to participate in our 2020 Summer Internship Program. Interns in these fields will gain experience with a wide variety of equipment and processes during their service.
Possible Responsibilities:
Provide engineering know-how in solving technical problems
Research alternative solutions as they relate to cost, quality, and production requirements and consults with colleagues, staff or operating personnel to assure proper documentation pertinent to proposed solutions
Analyze component parts and investigate field application of parts to determine cost effectiveness
Develop, analyze, prepare and execute technical projects. Compile data relating to project assignments and present summary conclusions to supervision
Develop effective working relationships with Engineering, Operating, Maintenance, Quality, Research and Technical Service to communicate the processing applications as they relate to cost, quality, production and safety standards

The ideal candidate will have:
Junior status or higher within a Chemical, Metallurgical, or Material Science Engineering program
3.0 or higher GPA
A desire to learn operations and processes within the steel industry
Proficiency in Microsoft Office - especially Excel
Strong presentation and interpersonal skills
Summer internships run May through August and are 40+ hour/week paid positions.
This posting is intended to collect resumes throughout the school year. Please anticipate that responses and interviews will take place during the Spring of 2020.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, military or protected veteran status. The following links provide information regarding your Equal Employment Opportunity rights and protections: EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement. We are a drug-free workplace and conduct pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.

n/a

