Chemical Engineer

KBRWyle

- Mountain View, CA

Title:
Chemical Engineer
As NASA prepares to send humans to the moon and beyond, we need to develop novel technologies for life support systems. KBR is looking for a Chemical Engineer to join our Air Revitalization group at NASA’s Ames Research Center to conduct research to evaluate liquid sorbents for such applications. As a member of this team, you will utilize your background in chemistry and design of various wet chemistry experiments to determine gas/liquid mass transfer rates, reaction kinetics, and changes in physical properties. Specific experience synthesizing and/or studying liquid CO2 sorbents (including liquid amines and ionic liquids) is especially desired.
The incumbent shall:
Provide technical support in the assembly and disassembly of laboratory hardware which can include lab glassware and support equipment, preparing and conducting of laboratory experiments, design of laboratory test systems, and planning of projects.
Designing and performing experiments include determination of gas/liquid mass transfer rates, reaction kinetics, and changes in physical properties.
Maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus in working order, and maintain a safe and organized laboratory area including clean-up of hazardous spills.
Perform compilation and evaluation of data acquired from testing and evaluation of laboratory hardware and air revitalization systems and prepare data for reports and presentations.
Prepare lists of items required to conduct laboratory experiments, and shall obtain product information, identify vendors and suppliers, assist in the preparation of material and supply acquisition, and order materials and equipment to maintain inventory.
On occasion, shall be required to work either extended hours or an adjusted shift to either early morning or late at night during periods of equipment and process testing.
Required Education/Experience:
BS in Chemistry or Chemical Engineering with 2+ years' experience.
Required Skills/Training:
Wet chemistry – strong hands-on experience obtaining quality, repeatable data from lab tests.
Experience designing, assembling, testing, and troubleshooting of laboratory hardware and experiments, desktop test systems, and associated procedures.
Knowledge of computer operating systems and applications to include Microsoft Office.
Strong ability to work independently with minimal instruction, easily adjust to changing plans and activities, learn new skills and move into new areas of research quickly and independently, and to follow written or oral instructions by supervisors as needed to participate in laboratory investigations.
Ability to communicate well orally and in writing.
Ability to interact with others (co-workers, supervisors, other NASA agency personnel and the general public) to include courtesy, tact and diplomacy as needed to provide/gather information and establish effective working relationships.
Desired Education, Experience, Skills or Training:
Experience with liquid amine and/or ionic liquid absorbents
Design/build/testing of air treatment systems
Experience with analytical equipment including FTIR, viscometer, Raman, GC/MS, pH probes, etc.
Familiarization with pressurized gasses and operating benchtop flow systems, including pumps, valves, heaters, thermocouples, and gas phase chemical sensors.
Strong experience with components such as pumps, compressors, heaters, cooling systems, thermal sensors, humidity sensors.
Experience calibrating/characterizing/working with mass flow controllers/meters, pressure controllers/transducers, power meters, solenoid valves, relays, RTD’s, heaters and high temperature devices.
Experience with LabVIEW software (and associated LabVIEW hardware is a plus) and/or chemical modeling software.
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

n/a

