Engineer III - Chemical Process

Biogen

- Cambridge, MA 02142 (East Cambridge area)

Job Description

Seeking a talented, highly motivated individual to join Biogen growing Chemical Process Development (CPD) group. The individual will independently design experiments, and conduct laboratory process development for new chemical entities including reaction optimization as well as product isolation. As Biogen adopted continuous processing for development of green, safe and cost efficient Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API)manufacturing processes, the individual is expected to gain familiarity with various equipments and control systems such as CSTR, PFR, micro reactors and isolation devices available in our newly built API continuous manufacturing suite. APIs meeting purity targets and with optimum solid state properties will be developed in collaboration with members of a cross-functional project team consisting of chemical engineers, organic and analytical chemists, material scientists and drug product formulators. The individual will be responsible for the technology transfer of laboratory scale experiments to commercial scale processes under all relevant regulatory guidelines. Responsibilities also include the preparation of development reports and regulatory filings for drug candidates.The individual is expected to actively contribute to advancing the Chemical Process R&D group mission through innovation and collaborations with both academic and industrial consortia.

Qualifications

The ideal candidate will have knowledge in the design and operation of continuous reactor and crystallization processes, particle characterization, organic chemistry, and a working knowledge with analytical instruments used for solids and chemical characterizations. Highly desirable is familiarity with in situ measurement technologies such as near/mid IR, Raman spectroscopies, and focused beam reflectance measurement (FBRM). Strong computational skills for modeling of kinetic/rate processes using DynoChem/gPROMS/ASPEN and statistical analysis using JMP is also desirable. The candidate must demonstrate a high level of motivation and scientific curiosity along with excellent communication, writing, collaboration, and technical skills. Must have strong, documented scientific background in chemistry or chemical engineering.

Minimum requirements:
BS in Chemical Engineering with 6+ years related experience
MS in Chemical Engineering with 4+ years related experience
PhD in Chemical Engineering with relevant thesis/graduate work

Additional Information

Seeking a talented, highly motivated individual to join Biogens growing Chemical Process Development (CPD) group.

n/a

