Engineer (Process / Manufacturing / Mechanical / Industrial / Chemical)

Amfuel

- Magnolia, AR 71753

Job Summary
DUE TO ITAR REGULATIONS, YOU MUST BE A US CITIZEN TO APPLY.
Responsible for evaluating existing processes and configuring manufacturing systems to reduce cost, improve sustainability and develop best practices within the production process.
Role and Responsibilities
Develop, configure and optimize industrial processes from inception through to start up and certification
Assess processes, take measurements and interpret data
Develop best practices, routines and innovative solutions to improve production rates and quality of output
Perform process simulations
Perform risk assessments
Provide process documentation and operating instructions
Maintain/improve efficiency, reduce cost, improve sustainability and maximize profitability
Prepare samples for study
Develop innovative solutions
Work with manufacturing officers to develop a cost-effective and working production process
Qualifications and Education Requirements
Ability to perform root cause analysis and apply systematic problem-solving skills.
Self-motivated, team player with the ability to contribute to increase productivity, quality and throughput.
Proven work experience in process engineering. Preferably rubber molding, calendaring, and rubber to metal bonding
Excellent technical skills
Familiarity with health and safety regulations
Analytical thinker with interpersonal skills
BS degree in Engineering
Minimum of five years related experience desired
MUST BE A US CITIZEN
Physical demands
The physical requirements of persons in this position classification are:
Person will regularly be required to use hands & arms with repetitive motion & reach
Position requires the possibility of sitting or standing consistently during an 8-hour shift
Employee will regularly be exposed to fumes or airborne particles on the production shop.
The plant is a warehouse environment & temperatures can vary depending on seasons. May be required to wear a respirator due to air borne particles, chemicals & solvents. Safety glasses are required at all times in production areas.
Amfuel is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
Engineering: 1 year (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Day shift
10 hour shift
Monday to Friday

n/a

