Immunoassay Process Engineer

Bio-Techne

- Minneapolis, MN

By joining the Bio-Techne team you will have an impact on future cutting-edge research. Bio-Techne, and all of its brands, provides tools for researchers in Life Sciences and Clinical Diagnostics.
Position Summary:
This position is a 50-75% bench based position that will initiate and execute the testing, developing and implementing improvements to the overall process of product development and manufacturing. Evaluate and research the issues, plan and perform appropriate experiments, and report final conclusions with little or no supervision. This position functions collaboratively with multiple departments. Projects will be diverse, with primary focus being on immunoassay (ELISA Quantikine, QuicKit and DuoSet) product categories and includes Luminex and antibodies (monoclonal, polyclonal, conjugates). Improvement in processes will increase quality, reproducibility, decrease failure rate and redundant and unnecessary testing, reduce back-order times, improve documentation and will facilitate inter-departmental transfers of experimental data and reports. This position will also be responsible for addressing post-launch manufacturing, QC, marketing, and customer issues to include troubleshooting problems and enhancing or improving products or processes.
The Process Engineer will join a strong and fun multidisciplinary team of biologists, chemists and engineers focused on developing breakthrough solutions, with great opportunities to develop your technical and intellectual skill sets in a highly dynamic and interactive environment.
We are looking for an individual who is motivated, organized, with a positive can-do attitude, and the flexibility to support a diversity of company activities and projects.
Key Responsibilities:
Troubleshoot manufacturing/QC issues related to Quantikine, QuicKit and DuoSet immunoassays, and perform proper equivalence or validation for post launch redevelopment/improvement of immunoassay products.
Research and investigate alternative manufacturing, QC, and development methods for production of a variety of new and existing products to include proteins, antibodies and assays.
Incorporate continuous process improvements on a schedule that is least disruptive to product releases and sales to increase product quality and revenue.
Follow up on action plans after initiating implementation to ensure that the process or changes continue and that the objectives of the plan are being met.
Effectively prioritize and complete goals on time via demonstrated proficiency with planning and multi-tasking.
Develop presentations and communicate technical results to internal and external groups
Training team members or personnel of other departments.
Follows company policies and practices as outlined in Handbook and follow guidelines regarding safety as outline in the AWAIR, Chemical Hygiene and Exposure Control manuals in accordance to the job.
Performs additional duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Education and Experience:
Requires Bachelors/Masters degree in Biology, Biochemistry or equivalent with a minimum of 5 plus years experience with a Bachelors, or 2 to 5 years with a Masters.
Must possess a demonstrated working knowledge of scientific principles.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel are required.
Computer entry and/or typing skills are desirable.
Must be able to work in a fast pace environment, multi-task, and have good communication skills, both verbally and in writing.

n/a

