Instrument Engineer

Ineos Joliet

- Joliet, IL

Are you interested in joining the team that ensures our three unique chemical manufacturing processes run reliably? We are looking for an Instrument Engineer for our INEOS Joliet, IL plant. This is a challenging position that will need to effectively engage with Maintenance, Operations, Engineering and Management to be successful. The Instrument Engineer will assist Maintenance with troubleshooting challenging problems, ensure the right instrumentation is specified for larger projects and directly manage smaller projects focused on instrumentation upgrades. The Instrument Engineer will also be responsible for the effectiveness of several reliability and compliance programs related to our plant’s instrumentation.
In addition to our manufacturing plant in Joliet, IL (40 miles southwest of Chicago), we also have a domestic office in Wichita, as well as international offices in Europe and Asia to support the global sales and marketing of our three products. INEOS Joliet is one of the newest businesses within the INEOS portfolio. The INEOS Group is one of the world’s largest chemical companies comprising 19,000 employees at over 170 sites with an annual turnover of approximately $60 billion.
Required Education and Experience:
BS in an Engineering discipline (electrical, mechanical, chemical or equivalent).
5+ years of experience in a refining, chemical, mining, power or process plant.
Proficiency at diagnosing root causes of instrumentation system malfunctions.
Strong knowledge of instrumentation standards and industry practices.
Preferred Education and Experience:
A background in the petrochemical industry with experience in a PSM regulated facility.
Demonstrated leadership and change facilitation skills within a technical/manufacturing environment.
BS in Electrical Engineering.
Demonstrated knowledge of a broad range of instrument and control system equipment (i.e. control valves, transmitters, computer based & electronic instrumentation, PLC/DCS (Allen Bradley, Honeywell, Siemens systems), ladder logic, analyzers.
Knowledge of typical engineering contracting and project execution practices.
Experience at application of industry standards within equipment retrofit projects.
Specific Responsibilities of the Position:
Provide engineering assistance to the maintenance and operations teams in a 24/7 operating environment.
Lead/participate in investigations to identify root causes and corrective action recommendations to prevent incident reoccurrence. Utilize Root Cause Failure Analysis (RCFA) techniques such as Cause Mapping.
Network internally and externally to identify best practices. Evaluate and introduce best practices and new technologies to help INEOS Joliet achieve best in class performance.
Ensure reliability/maintainability issues are considered and addressed on new equipment installations.
Provide engineering support for scope development related to complex repairs and plant projects. Complete equipment Life Cycle Analyses as required to support turnaround scope development and reliability improvement initiatives.
Serve as a resource on the application of Company engineering standards and sound fundamental engineering principles to existing and new instrumentation installations.
Act as the site representative in dealings with instrumentation vendors and manufacturers.
Other Considerations:
Physical ability to work around and on industrial equipment, including frequent climbing of stairs and ladders.
Willingness and capability to work safely in an industrial chemical production facility that processes hazardous materials.
Ability to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) in designated areas (hard hat, goggles, safety boots and hearing protection).
A commitment to follow the INEOS 20 Principles of Process and Behavioral Safety.
This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.
We are an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran.
Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.
We offer a comprehensive benefits package.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
refining, chemical, mining power or process plant: 5 years (Preferred)
petrochemical with exp in PSM regulated facility: 1 year (Preferred)
INSTR standards and industry practices: 1 year (Required)
diagnosing root causes of INSTR system malfunctions: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Joliet, IL (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location

n/a

