Intern - Manufacturing Development Engineer

Micron

- Boise, ID

Req. ID: 140151
Micron Technology’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people, innovation, tenacity, collaboration, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and professionalism while supporting our global community.

Fab4 is the elite process development fab for Micron’s worldwide sister production fabs!

As a Manufacturing Development Intern in Fab4, you will maintain processes by supporting manufacturing, improving process efficiencies, correcting process excursions and increasing equipment up time and product efficiency. In this position, you will support existing processes, identify process and material improvements and accurate process deviations while developing intellectual property.

Each intern is assigned a project that is intended to last the duration of your 3 month internship and this will be your main focus during your work with the team. In addition, you will have the opportunity to work in the clean room fabrication environment during a portion of your internship!

Your responsibilities will include:
Assisting in product defect investigations and help set up tools and processes for research and development experiments
Work with fab tool automation systems and software, and resolve routine automation errors
React to SPC data and investigate or correct causes for SPC notifications
Build Quality Deviation Reports, Engineering Change Notices, and be responsible for moving for project forward
Successful candidates for this position will have:
Junior level status in Chemical Engineering,Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Material Science, Physics or related engineering discipline
Willingness to work any shift, including periodic rotations and some overtime
Confirmed history of project management skills.
Good data summary and analysis skills.
Good communication, documentation, and interpersonal skills.
Good analytical skills.
Good computer knowledge that can be applied to documentation, analysis and troubleshooting
About Us
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.

We recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices.

Each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. The EEO Administrator in Human Resources is responsible for administration of this policy. The administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on EEO matters.

To request assistance with the application process, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 (or 208-368-4748).

Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Technology Development || Intern || Internship || Engineering || Not Applicable ||

n/a

