Junior Quality Engineer

Rego Products

- Elon, NC

RegO is the premier manufacturer of gas control products to the industrial gas and liquefied cryogenic liquids industry worldwide. RegO manufactures an extensive variety of gas and liquid pressure controls, pressure regulating products, pressure relief devices, and a broad range of ancillary equipment. Our products are found in a wide spectrum of industries including: health care, aerospace, electronics, chemicals, energy, food and beverage, industrial gas and liquids, and alternative fuels such as LNG. RegO is recognized as a world leader in product quality and innovation with unsurpassed product design and manufacturing with facilities located in North Carolina, Ohio, Mexico, Germany and China. RegO is strategically located in four countries and positioned to support our products through a network of authorized distributors and strategic alliances with OEM vessel and system manufacturers throughout the world. To learn more about RegO, please visit our website at: RegO products.
SCOPE:
The Junior Quality Engineer reports to the Quality Manager and coordinates technical information, instructions for inspecting and testing activities, and process capability studies, at various stages of the quality system. The Junior Quality Engineer has some latitude for decision-making on attribute characteristics, based on experience and product knowledge.

ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

Maintains quality system and is responsible for all quality engineering activities.
Ensures that all quality related standards are sufficiently defined in conjunction with Marketing, Engineering and Manufacturing.
Interprets and fosters awareness of quality standards and quality system within ECI organization.
Maintains Quality records by cataloguing and maintenance of all on-going projects.
Plans inspections and runs tests on materials, processes and products; determines significance of specification or standard.
Investigates and analyzes nonconforming materials and products. Advises appropriate disposition in close cooperation with cross-functional stakeholders.
Recommends and represents quality corrective actions.
Maintains quality of product through collection and analysis of data, capability studies, evaluation of supplier quality and monitoring performance.
Reviews new products/changed products for necessary changes to inspection procedures and equipment.
Works with Regulatory Agencies such as UL, ASME, DOT, FM, etc. to maintain product/facility certifications.
Develops inspection test method techniques to support in-process and final verification of product and processes.
Assists in the management, maintenance and upkeep of standard measurement tools, equipment calibration and recall systems.
Participates with internal quality audits.
Assists in compiling, writing and delivering training material on quality standards and activities.

SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE/QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree preferred – or commensurate quality experience.
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical or Industrial Engineering highly desired.
Requires 1-5 years quality experience.
Working knowledge of ANSI Y 14.5, Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) preferred.
Working knowledge of ISO9001 and/or TS16949 highly desired.
Diverse working knowledge of inspection and control methods, techniques and documentation.
Intermediate-level computer skills to include: MS Excel, Word, Access and QA applications required.
Broad knowledge of theory and principles of statistics and able to perform analysis of data to obtain process performance measurements required.
Must demonstrate excellent communication skills, both verbally and written.
Builds collaborative working relationships with both internal as well as external customers.
Must possess combination of good process, conceptual, business analysis and problem solving skills.
Demonstrated time management skills.
Must be flexible and open-minded

RegO offers a competitive salary along with an excellent benefit package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long term disability plans, 401(k) retirement plan with a company match, wellness incentives and more. Sponsorship is not available for this position.

n/a

