Manufacturing Engineer - TMG Rotation Program (Sherman, Texas)

Texas Instruments

- Sherman, TX 75090

About TI
Texas Instruments Incorporated (TI) is a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company that develops analog ICs and embedded processors. By employing the world’s brightest minds, TI creates innovations that shape the future of technology. TI is helping about 100,000 customers transform the future, today. We’re committed to building a better future – from the responsible manufacturing of our semiconductors, to caring for our employees, to giving back inside our communities and developing great minds. Put your talent to work with us – change the world, love your job!


About the job
TI’s Manufacturing Engineers are technical leaders who get to work in the world’s most advanced manufacturing facilities. We bring the company’s breakthrough innovations to life by manufacturing technologies that are literally changing the world.


TI Process/Equipment Engineers are responsible for all aspects of a wafer fabrication process including tool selection and process definition. They assist with the installation, modification, upgrade and maintenance of the manufacturing equipment. This includes process setup and technician and operator training. This position will use data to make intelligent improvements to overall fabrication process and will be responsible for understanding all aspects of the process performed. This includes the interaction of the process to other fab processing, enabling accurate product dispositions of non-conforming product. Interaction normally requires the ability to gain cooperation of others and conducting presentations of technical information concerning specific projects/schedules.


In this semiconductor fab engineer role with TI’s worldwide manufacturing organization, you will be responsible for engineering process optimization efforts to achieve fab cycle time goals. You will interface with various modules, in addition to yield, product and integration teams, to resolve issues that limit yield performance.


Responsibilities include:
Support teams in addressing fab module projects
Provide progress reports on tools, processes and goals
Identify and manage priorities
Plan across various groups and building collaborative relationships
Understand customer demands and the impact of actions
Work with equipment vendors to sustain and enhance equipment performance from both a process and tool standpoint
Provide supervision to technicians and technical support to the operations team through definition of operation specifications and training aids

Minimum requirements:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science, Physics, Microelectronics or MET
Minimum Cumulative 3.0/4.0 GPA


Preferred qualifications:
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated strong analytical, critical thinking and problem solving skills
Ability to work in teams and collaborate effectively with people in different functions
Ability to take the initiative and drive for results
Strong time management skills that enable on-time project delivery
Ability to work effectively in an interrupt-driven, fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Demonstrated ability to build strong, influential relationships
Sound decision-making capabilities and the ability to prioritize tasks and adapt accordingly


Texas Instruments will not sponsor job applicants for visas or work authorization for this position.

If you are interested in this position, please apply to this requisition.

Texas Instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse, inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to protected characteristics, including race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or age.
Primary Location US-TX-Sherman
Work Locations Sherman > Sherman - East Building 6412 Hwy 75 South Sherman 75090
Job Manufacturing
:
Regular
:
:

Job Posting Aug 21, 2019, 2:58:18 AM

n/a

