Plant and Project Chemical Engineer

Sciessent LLC

- Beverly, MA 01915

The Sciessent team provides environmentally responsible products that benefit and enhance people's lives and the world we share. The company develops new generations of safe, sustainable solutions through creative and continuous innovation. We are driven by the guiding principles of protection, cleanliness and comfort that our core technologies deliver.
Sciessent, supplier of the Agion Antimicrobial, Agion Active, Sciessent Lava, Azula Lead Adsorber and Sciessent Curb DWR product lines, is a global leader in antimicrobial, lead adsorption and anti-odor applications. The company has established a leading position in our core markets of textiles, medical, water and industrial applications, and will continue to bring new products and enabling technologies to market, working closely with partners to deliver true value and differentiation to their products and end customers.
Sciessent is proud to be a management owned company committed to the success of our customers and our employees.
POSITION SUMMARY: The Plant and Project Chemical Engineer will provide engineering, design, process, and project support to zeolite chemical production operations. Handle multi-disciplined projects and maintenance support; mechanical, chemical, electrical, process control, and automation across the site.
CORE POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Not all inclusive
Engineering responsibilities:
Lead technology evaluation, chemical process engineering design, and technical management for new build zeolite manufacturing facility or significant capital investment in retrofit of existing facility.
Manage the plant s project engineering activities including working with plant leadership to develop the plant s annual project plan (capital and large expense projects)
Responsibilities include management of project activities throughout the project cycle from conceptual design through on site field execution and closeout. This includes providing the business with capital estimates of appropriate accuracy to determine a go/no go decision in the feasibility phase, interface with project stakeholders to determine project scopes, develop an effective project definition and execution strategy that enable a high degree of confidence in the project scope, budget, and schedule.
Responsibilities include tracking and oversight of capital projects to insure project deliverables are achieved on time and on budget. Ability to recognize, understand problems and opportunities as they arise and develop solutions to keep projects on track to address these problems
Duties include management of internal and external outsourced engineering resources, interfacing with permitting authorities, organizing internal activities (such as safety reviews, HAZOPs, etc. ) and development and maintenance of punch lists and project schedule
Responsibilities include qualification of vendors for material or service purchases and working with Supply Management to secure and evaluate competitive bids.
Responsibilities include project construction management including but not limited to oversight of resources and activities. This includes managing pre-construction planning activities and working with contractors to develop job safety analyses for their tasks and providing safety training to contractors working on the facility.
Ensure projects are executed taking into account all Federal, State, and Local regulations and appropriate engineering codes and standards where appropriate.
Provide technical support to operating and maintenance departments to support plant operations.
Assist in the installation, check out, and start-up of new or modified processes and equipment.
Deliver complete project documentation at project closeout.
MINIMUM POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
· Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical or Chemical Engineering or higher from an accredited institution is required for this role
· Minimum 5 years overseeing capital project management and construction in a chemical or chemical related industry
· Project Management Professional (PMP) certification desired but not required
· Maintenance experience desired but not required
· Excellent communication and presentation skills required
· Ability to work independently and successfully in a multitasking environment
· Proficiency with Microsoft Office Products with an emphasis on Excel
· Your experience must be as a direct employee of an operating chemical, pharmaceutical, or closely related industry.
· Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident, and you must reside in the USA.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 5 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)

n/a

