Process Engineer - Industrial Wastewater

Envirogen Technologies Inc

- East Windsor, NJ

JOB SUMMARY
The Process Engineer works on the design of treatment systems for industrial wastewater, under the supervision of the Director of Process Engineering. The incumbent will evaluate wastewater quality, develop conceptual designs, perform calculations, and create process design drawings for pilot and full-scale systems.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Duties include, but are not limited to:
Communicates with clients, peers and superiors via verbal and written communications.
Participate with Process Design and Engineering teams to develop process flow diagrams, material balances, and piping and instrumentation diagrams.
Assist Sales Vice-President on capital equipment and pilot test budget estimates.
Write pilot test plans, process controls descriptions, and treatment system O&M manuals.
Evaluate new treatment technologies performance claims and capital and operating costs.
Perform process calculations required for the proper operation of equipment, including chemical dosage rates; biological loading, clarifier operation, sludge generation, and wasting rates.
Setup and startup of pilot system and training operators.
Review operator logs and inspect and monitor process equipment, meters, gauges and controls; detect and define problems/malfunctions and ensure proper level of equipment operation and system performance.
Develops sampling plans for full-scale and pilot systems including on-site process sampling, wet chemistry testing, and analytical samples for certified outside laboratory analysis.
Knows, understands and complies with all project/site safety requirements.
Complete necessary safety training and wear appropriate levels of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) as required by the site conditions and Health & Safety Plan (HASP).
MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS (Education, Knowledge, Skills, and Experience)
At least 5 years’ experience in industrial wastewater treatment system design.
Bachelors degree in Civil, Environmental, and/or Chemical Engineering.
Ability to coordinate with Management and Engineering regularly and to work independently to meet schedules for process deliverables.
Ability to comprehend and follow safety procedures.
Ability to direct preventive and corrective maintenance to pumps, pipelines, valves, and simple process equipment.
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Ability to use AutoCAD or AutoCAD LT for reviewing and preparing process drawings.
Ability to perform wastewater treatment calculations and prepare material balances using Excel.
Must be able to stand for 4 hours and be able to lift 25 pounds on occasion.
Must be flexible to travel to pilot test sites in US and Canada up to 25%.
Additional competencies desired for the position:
Understanding of physical and chemical characteristics of waste streams, interpret laboratory analyses for evaluation and adjustment of processes and equipment.
Ability to troubleshoot problems and abnormalities in the receiving waste stream and the treatment process.
Knowledge of both physical, chemical and biological treatment processes
Active member of professional organizations demonstrating collaboration on technical papers related to wastewater treatment.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
System Design: 5 years (Required)
Industrial Wastewater: 5 years (Required)
AutoCAD: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
East Windsor, NJ (Preferred)

n/a

