Process Engineer Intern - Summer 2020

Henkel

- Trumbull, CT 06611

HENKEL IS FOR THOSE WHO STEP UP. DO YOU?

At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.

YOUR ROLE

Internship at Henkel in Process Engineering where you plan and execute tests of new formulations, equipment and technologies to ensure products can be manufactured in the Henkel manufacturing network Work closely with cross functional R&D teams (formulating, packaging, process development, etc.) across the entire product development cycle from ideation to implementation Gain a comprehensive understanding of the role process engineering plays in the consumer-packaged goods industry
Qualification:
YOUR SKILLS
Progress toward a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or related field
Analytical and problem-solving skills\: Ability to gather and analyze data, and develop fact-based recommendations resulting from the analysis
Undergraduate research or similar experience preferred
Agile and strong work ethic with ability to quickly learn how to analyze data
Entrepreneurial spirit and can-do attitude
Project Planning Skills\: Understand timing constraints of work and initiates activities with sufficient lead time to successfully deliver project deadlines
Good laboratory skills\: compliance with all safety regulations, sound lab technique, and good record keeping
Henkel does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Unsolicited referrals and resumes are considered Henkel property and therefore, Henkel will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited referral. At Henkel’s request only, preferred vendors may be invited to refer talent for specific open positions. In these cases, a fully-executed agreement with Henkel must be in place and current.

n/a

