Process Engineer I

Arclin USA

- Moncure, NC 27559

Process Engineer I Job, Moncure, NC

Arclin USA is currently looking for a Process Engineer I for our Moncure, NC location. Reporting to the Plant Manager, this role will develop, evaluate, and improve the manufacturing methods utilizing knowledge of product design, materials, chemicals, and production equipment capabilities, works closely with automation, engineering and safety functions to ensure all aspects of change management are executed, and maintain all quality control standards.

Process Engineer I Job Responsibilities:
Maintain the systems necessary to ensure quality of raw materials and finished products; provide primary support for all chemistry/quality related manufacturing issues; act as liaison between R&T (Research and Technology), Technical Service, Marketing & Sales, and Production; provide guidance for department (Lab) activity and ensure it is within budget.
Monitor and improve the efficiency and output of the plant, ensure the manufacturing process works at optimal levels, maximize the rate and quality of all surface treaters in order to meet supply requirements.
Provide technical advice on plant operations and improvements.
Collaborates on the preparation of engineering analysis of projects that includes preliminary design, detailed design, project cost analysis, life cycle cost analysis and equipment selection.
Assume responsibility for risk assessment, including hazard and operability (HAZOP) studies for the health and safety of both plant staff and the community. Apply principles of mass, momentum and heat transfer to process and equipment design, including conceptual, scheme, and detail design. Ensure that all aspects of the operation and process meet specified safety and environmental regulations.
Manage the site QC Lab. Conduct routine and non-routine QC testing. Maintain all lab supplies for the main QC lab and the production QC labs. Responsible for the Quality Analysts who reports to the Process Engineer.
Leads Corrective and Preventative Action documentation and response, including leading the site in the discipline of Root Cause Analysis and Corrective Action Planning.

Process Engineer I Job Requirements:
S. in Mechanical or Chemical Engineering
3-5 years engineering experience in a chemical manufacturing facility. However will consider recent college graduates based on school program and GPA.
Knowledge of distributive process control systems such as Emerson’s DeltaV system.
Ability to work well with all levels of personnel throughout the facility.
Knowledge of process simulation software.
HAZOP Facilitation and PSM knowledge.
On-call for Quality related production issues.

Preferred:
Six Sigma Green Belt or Black belt.
Registered as a Professional Engineer
Experience
Required
2 - 5 years: Engineering experience within Chemical Manufacturing or related industry
Education
Preferred
Bachelors or better in Chemical Engineering or related field
Bachelors or better in Chemistry or related field
Behaviors
Preferred
Enthusiastic: Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Motivations
Preferred
Financial: Inspired to perform well by monetary reimbursement
Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks
Growth Opportunities: Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization

n/a

