Process Engineer

Valvoline

- Lexington, KY 40509

Why Valvoline?
You know Valvoline, right? We’re a household name. We’re one of the most recognized and respected premium brands in the global automotive lubricant industry, we have a presence in more than 140 countries, and our customers have trusted us for 150 years. But at Valvoline, we’re never idle, so we still have work to do. We need good people to help us achieve our vision to build the world's leading engine- and automotive-maintenance business. That’s where you come in. Do you love collaborating with team members? Are you ready for a rewarding job that will help you grow your career? If so, join us.

Careers for the Driven
Valvoline has a rewarding opportunity as a Process Engineer. We whole-heartedly adopt a ‘never idle' mindset. We also know that outstanding service begins and ends with our employees. So, we’re looking for good people to join our team. You bring your skills, talents and drive. We will give you a great place to work, a competitive salary and benefits, and the resources and support to develop and advance within our global company.

How You’ll Make an Impact
The Process Engineer would be responsible for:
Leading and managing process improvement projects (cross-functional internal or external teams) using a DMAIC approach to design and re-design processes to minimize operational risks, improve customer experience and share best practices globally. Improvement projects are
identified/derived from:
a. Core Global Project List
b. Revenue driven projects through business needs
c. Growth focused projects (via CapEx, i.e. EZ Pour bottle to Amazon, ABB requirement Int’l, etc.)
d. Customer priorities
Driving overall Supply Chain (SC) strategic planning via LRP (Long Range Plan). Drive and collate the overall global SC LRP master plan and ensure progress is made to it
Being a liaison between the Commercial team and the SC/Operations team
Being a Product Manager on key non-NSD related projects
Monitoring and driving the overall SC scorecard and help coordinate SC budgeting process
Supporting global training efforts as needed and required by Global SC training lead
What You’ll Need
Bachelor of Science degree in engineering (chemical, industrial, mechanical)
Minimum of five year's experience in related field
Able to sit and stand for extended periods of time and lift 25 lbs.
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft office software, SAP
Must be authorized to work in the U.S.
What Will Set You Apart
Lean Six Sigma Certification
Previous process engineering experience
Benefits That Drive Themselves
Health insurance plans (medical, dental, vision)
HSA and flexible spending accounts
401(k)
Incentive opportunity*
Life insurance
Short and long-term disability insurance
Paid vacation and holidays*
Employee Assistance Program
Employee discounts
Tuition reimbursement*
Adoption assistance*
Terms and conditions apply and benefits may differ depending on position.

Valvoline provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Are you good at what you do? Join us.

n/a

