Process Engineer

Cameron LNG

- Hackberry, LA

Primary Purpose:
The Principal Process Engineer reports directly to the Process Engineering Manager and will provide Process Engineering expertise and Operations support to the Cameron LNG facility. The Principal Process Engineer supports commissioning, pre-operations, start-up and production optimization.
Strong knowledge of the design, operation and maintenance of equipment and systems within a large scale Process Plant is required. This position requires a high focus on utility systems such as demineralized water, tempered cooling water, sewage treatment, hot oil systems, IA, N2, and fuel gas. Strong background in high reliability operations including health, safety, maintenance, operations, governmental regulations and associated codes and standards. In-depth knowledge of plant maintenance philosophies and design, operation and maintenance of equipment and systems within the LNG Plant.
This position is located in Hackberry, LA. Transportation Worker Identification Credentials (TWIC) is required.
Responsibilities/Duties:
Provide technical assistance to operations such as; troubleshooting, problem analysis, incident investigation, commissioning, shutdown/start-up support and plant performance testing.
Develop/review internal procedures for execution by own department or for others.
Provide process engineering services in the form of Process Safety Assessment (PSA), HAZOPs, Bow-ties and LOPA analysis. Responsibilities include the logging, tracking, and closeout of any actions generated from the aforementioned reviews.
Works closely with operations team in order to troubleshoot day-to-day issues, optimize production and efficiency, perform test runs in order to determine operating boundaries and run lengths, and ensure that any changes to feed gas quality results in acceptable fuel gas quality.
Provide support to Plant Management including leading special initiatives, detailed analysis, economic feasibility and quantification, Root Cause Analysis (RCA), execute detailed definition and design of major and minor plant changes.
Coach and develop process engineering staff to ensure the minimum competency levels are met or exceeded.
Maintain a strong working relationship with various technology and service providers through networking and execution of studies and projects.
Closely interacts with the laboratory to ensure methods, limits and sample schedule provide the correct feedback for supporting production, engineering and various process test-runs.
Knowledge of Utility system benchmarking, KPIs, target setting
Performs other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
Education:
A minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering is required. A Professional Engineering License in good standing with the state of Texas or Louisiana is beneficial.
Experience:
Minimum of fifteen (15) years of process plant operations working experience within the oil and gas industry. Experience in LNG and/or gas processing plants is a plus.
Skills/ Knowledge/ Abilities:
Good written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to be diplomatic and persuasive.
Organized and able to manage multiple activities and programs timely and with a high degree of accuracy and meets work deadlines.
Exceptional problem solving and analytical skills.
Knowledge of UniSIM or equivalent software
A high level of safety awareness and knowledge of applicable design regulations is required.
Computer skills including, MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, MS Project, Visio, Adobe Acrobat Professional), SharePoint, etc.
Possesses the personality and ability to relate to and to establish a mutually respectful relationship with 1) management, 2) peers and 3) the various facility level workers whom are all responsible for ensuring good operations.
The candidate should have a working knowledge of industry and government standards.
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to climb stairs and ladders that ranges from 4 ft. to 200 ft. Must be able to sit at a desk and operate a computer for extended periods of time. Must be able to lift equipment needed to perform work. Must be able to wear safety equipment needed to perform work such as PPE, safety harness, respirator, etc.
*Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions as defined per Company policy.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
process plant operations: 10 years (Required)
UniSIM software: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)

n/a

