Process Control Engineer

Optima Chemical Group LLC

- Douglas, GA 31535

Process Control Engineer
The Process Control Engineer is responsible for implementing, maintaining and troubleshooting process control systems and advanced applications in a custom manufacturing batch chemical plant. In addition, the Process Control Engineer helps identify and develop new control schemes to increase process safety, improve process performance and participates actively in troubleshooting and new project support. Primary Job Functions:
Lead the utilization of instrumentation and automation technology to increase the overall equipment effectiveness, increase production unit performance, reduce maintenance activities and lower overall total maintenance costs.
Maintain and modify existing process control applications and operator interface.
Identify and install new applications and interfaces to increase process safety, operability, and profitability.
Provide process control support during project development, installation, and startup.
Assisting the maintenance technicians and production with troubleshooting and diagnostics.
Working with maintenance personnel and departmental resources to develop, design and ensure the reliability and maintainability of new and modified installations.
Developing a life cycle asset management program for the site instrumentation and field mounted control elements
Working with the process control engineers, process engineers and production team members to identify and implement new instrumentation and control strategies to increase product yields, reduce energy usage and optimize the value of products.
Coaching and mentoring operations and technical personnel on the concepts and use of various forms of instrumentation technology.
Generating and championing new Industrial Automation instrumentation improvement projects which enhance unit operation, effectiveness, quality or operability.
Job Requirements:
B.S. or graduate degree in Electrical or Chemical Engineering. Candidates with other degrees who have demonstrated a strong background in application and implementation of process field instrumentation in an industrial manufacturing environment will be considered.
At least four (4) years minimum experience in an industrial manufacturing environment in either chemical or refining processes working in support of I&E maintenance activities while serving as a subject matter expert in application, implementation and troubleshooting field instrumentation.
Demonstrated organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple priorities and stakeholders
Excellent trouble-shooting skills with ability to work independently
Dedication and ability to be a safety champion
Preferred Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
Demonstrated experience with batch and sequential controls
Demonstrated experience with regulatory and advanced controls
To provide additional value, the candidate should also be knowledgeable and experienced in (the following:
Specification of industrial instrumentation to measure pressure, temperature, flow and density.
Specification of valves and final control elements used in a chemical manufacturing environment.
Design and development of loop sheets, equipment control wiring diagrams, and motor control circuitry.
Job Type: Full-time
Work authorization:
United States (Required)

n/a

