Process Engineer - Food Manufacturing

The Schwan Food Company

- Salina, KS 67401

Description:
At Schwan’s Company, we are a fast-paced, innovative team, focused on bringing delicious foods to our customers. If you’re passionate about food and creating a successful future, this is the place for you. Based in Minnesota, Schwan’s is a national, multibillion-dollar company that manufactures and markets quality foods through home-delivery, retail-grocery and food-service channels. Its many popular brands include
Red Baron
®, Tony's® and Freschetta® pizza, Mrs. Smith's® and Edwards® desserts, Pagoda® Asian-style snacks and Schwan's® home delivery. To learn more about Schwan's, visit
www.SchwansCompany.com

We are seeking a Process Development Engineer for our facility in Salina, Kansas. This is one of the largest Pizza production plants in the country, putting out upwards of 1 Million pizzas a day! We have a strong team at Salina and the team is tasked to execute projects involving multi-million dollar capital investments that are being made to the facility. You will have the opportunity to grow your Process Development, Project Management and leadership skills. We do offer a comprehensive relocation package!
This highly visible role, under general supervision, is responsible for the investigation, development, improvement, and testing of complex, new or modified food processing techniques. The position also supports department and corporation strategies in the areas of process development and engineering, test runs and specification development.

This job may participate in one or more of the following duties\:
Identify, develop, and evaluate new process technologies providing breakthrough capabilities for all innovations, renovations, and productivity initiatives within Schwan's manufacturing and co-packer facilities.
Lead the process development and process capability assessment to ensure product design aligns with process capability.
Develop and execute Commissioning, Qualification and Verification protocols.
Strong understanding of use of statistics, experimental designs (DOE) and six sigma in problem solving.
Collaborates with other R&D groups, Manufacturing, and Engineering to develop process and equipment specifications for existing and new equipment or production lines including any improvement and/or changes.
Works with product development and manufacturing staff to develop process or equipment to reach attainment goals for new and existing production lines.
Develops, presents, and communicates preliminary capital proposals of new processing technology, equipment, or cost reduction opportunities including determination of ROI and other benefits, process or equipment specifications, and estimated capital investment and production capacity and attainment.
Documents all work according to established procedures and guidelines and prepare various project reports.
Assists with development of training programs for operations personnel in executing and operating new processes and processing equipment in the areas of operation maintenance and sanitation.
Qualification:
Education\:
Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering (Chemical, Mechanical or Food). Master's degree preferred.

Years of Related Experience\:
3-5 years related experience

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities\:

Working knowledge of R&D product development flow from conception to product launch.
Ability to produce conceptual drawing with a CAD program.
Ability to develop Process Flow Diagram (PFD).
Working experience in the development of Process & Instrumentation Diagram (P & ID).
Ability to perform cycle time study.
Ability to perform pay-back calculation.
Ability to write project proposals and reports.
Working experience in the development of instrument specification.
Working experience in the sizing and specification of equipment.
Advanced PC skills including, Word, Excel and CAD
Good interpersonal and communication skills;
Ability to taste and ingest any type of food product currently under development

The employing subsidiaries of Schwan’s Company are Equal Employment Opportunity Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, age, race, color, religion, gender, vet status, national origin or other protected class.

n/a

