Process Engineer Research & Development

Campbell Soup Company

- Tualatin, OR

Imagine…working for a company that knows that its people are the key to its success in the marketplace. A company in which achieving extraordinary results and having a stimulating work experience are part of the same process.
We cultivate and embrace a diverse employee population. We recognize that people with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives fuel our growth and enrich our global culture.
We are looking for an individual who enjoys working in a fast-paced, team oriented environment, likes to be challenged, and values the opportunity to make a difference.
General Summary:
The successful individual in this position demonstrates the ability to specify and implement processes/procedures that enhance product quality, reduce cost, increase plant efficiency and facilitates technology transfer. Works closely with product development associates and plant personnel to develop, test and implement processes to commercialize Pacific Foods products (Soup, Broth, Plant Based Beverages and Meals). Conducts process scale up from pilot plant to manufacturing. Designs and develops experimental test plans for feasibility, pilot plant & plant trial runs, and commissioning, validation and audits of manufacturing units of operation. Support one or more projects of moderate complexity and technical risk with little to no assistance. Troubleshoot and identify the root cause of production problems and implement effective solutions. Effectively communicates at multiple levels within the organization and works well on cross-functional teams.
Primary Responsibilities:
Lead moderately complex engineering projects/investigations, and/or support complex projects with some supervision.
Conduct feasibility studies and implement new/improved process/packages
Integrate process expertise & knowledge into early product development process. Build cohesive relationship as liaison between Product Development, Quality organization, Engineering, Supply Chain and Thermal Plant operations during the commercialization process.
Provide process engineering knowledge to implement efficient and effective technology transfer between Technical Solution Hub, R&D and the thermal plants
Perform a robust situation assessment, document manufacturing methods, and procedures. Analyze and trend data to ensure that manufacturing systems will reliably deliver high quality product as designed within specification and cost. Document test results & conclusions, process parameters, critical control points and specifications
Commission / validate & start-up of new processes / equipment
Drive the development of innovative processes/technologies and commercialization of new business initiatives. Develop innovative approaches for testing and problem resolution. Determine appropriate design application
Job Complexity & Scope:
Project Management
Ability to lay out and execute statistically valid equipment / product tests
Capable of managing several project/programs simultaneously
Ability to work independently or as part of a cross-functional team
Strong written, verbal, computer and presentation skills
Minimum Requirements:
Education:
Required: BS in Chemical, Mechanical or Food Engineering
Preferred: MS in above engineering disciplines or Food Science
Length of Experience:
2-4 years in the food industry or equivalent experience for Bachelor’s Degree, no minimum experience with Master’s degree
Other:
Has a depth of technical expertise on processes and production equipment.
Formulates and executes complex experimental design.
Understands food processing
Working Conditions:
Physical Demands:
Travel (up to 30%) is associated with feasibility and start up at Pacific and Campbell Soup manufacturing plants, equipment and trials at vendor and co-manufacturing. A significant portion of the job is in the thermal production environment.
Ability to walk or stand up to three-quarters of the work day. Physical ability to handle weights of approximately thirty pounds
The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity for employees and applicants in all aspects of the employment relationship, without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, marital status, veteran status, disability, age, religion or any other classification protected by law.
In that regard, U.S. applicants and employees are protected from discrimination based on certain categories protected by Federal law.

n/a

