Process Engineer

The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company

- Marysville, OH 43040

Here at Scotts Miracle-Gro there is no such thing as a typical day. Our culture is constantly energized by new and exciting growth opportunities and at a rapid pace. Every Associate plays an important role in providing innovative solutions for today’s gardeners and growers and contributing new ideas to improve operations. In our company you need grit, it is what we were founded on over 150 years ago and is what keeps us growing. Regardless of your level in the organization there is a platform for your voice to be heard and the ability to influence change. Family, community and hard working values are weaved into all that we do. Come grow with us, where we develop and nurture the next generation of leaders.
We are looking for a Process Engineer to join our Supply Chain team at one of our Marysville, OH plant locations.
This position will be based at The Scotts Miracle-Gro world headquarters in Marysville, a suburb of Columbus, OH. Not familiar with Columbus? Visit columbusregion.com/columbus-2020/
The Process Engineer is responsible for providing technical support for manufacturing facilities within a region and will lead focused, proactive problem solving efforts to improve plant manufacturing processes.
In this role you will:
Serve as a technical liaison for all levels of the company including production associates, maintenance associates, operations leadership, and corporate engineering
Develop technical mastery within self and others for key manufacturing equipment (process and packaging)
Create and maintain equipment documentation including: Clean, Inspect Lube Standards, Process Centerlines, Maintenance Standards, troubleshooting guides and training material
Develop/deliver technical training for various levels of the organization
Work closely with cross-functional teams to solve problems, optimize output and reduce costs
Diagnose technical problems, identify short and long-term solutions using Root Cause Analysis tools (Fishbone, 5-Why, FMEA, and other tools) and facilitate the implementation of solutions
Identify common loss themes across facilities; provide and support implementing solutions
Partner with Plant Managers to execute manufacturing improvement plans
Both lead and provide support for reliability project efforts
Champion efforts to drive out manufacturing variation by analyzing data, drawing conclusions, and leading implementation of appropriate solutions
Develop and maintain rapid changeover standards
Lead the identification of bottlenecks at manufacturing facilities and facilitate implementation of solutions to optimize each production line
Participate in the review and development of production line standards
Establish accurate routed standards at each facility
What you’ll need to be successful:
B.S. in Engineering (Packaging, Chemical, Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical), or equivalent
Minimum 3 years operating in a manufacturing environment with experience of driving reliability improvements
Recognized technical abilities and practical experience with strong capabilities in the following areas:
Theory/functionality of manufacturing systems and unit operations
Continuous improvement techniques (Lean, TPM, Root Cause Analysis, Quick Changeover/SMED, Process Centerlines)
Statistics and analytical methods, Process measurement and control
Change management
Ability to use current PC-based software (e.g., Microsoft Windows, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Access, Project, etc.)
What we do for you (just to list a few cool ones):
Offer extremely competitive benefits including: Health, Dental and Vision coverage.
Onsite wellness center which includes: 2,400 sq. ft. fitness center, Walgreens pharmacy and Doctor’s office.
Beautiful campus and corporate offices designed like a log cabin offering free coffee, chef-run café.
Unbelievable 401K match (up to 7.5%) and discounted stock purchasing program (15% discount).
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion includes four employee resource groups: Scotts Women’s Network, Scotts Black Employee Network, Scotts Veterans Network and Scotts Young Professionals.
Generous holiday and vacation days.
Not interested in this role? Stay up to date on future opportunities by joining our ScottsMiracle-Gro and Hawthorne Gardening talent networks.
Scotts is an EEO Employer, dedicated to a culturally diverse, drug free workplace.
EEO/AA Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Notification to Agencies:
Please note that the Scotts Miracle-Gro company does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Master Service Agreement, and specific approval to submit resumes to an approved requisition, the Scotts Miracle-Gro company will not consider or approve payment regarding recruiter fees or referral compensations.
.

n/a

