Process Launch Engineer

Cadillac Products Automotive Company

- Roseville, MI 48066

General Scope of Responsibility: Manages the engineering planning & preparation activities necessary to launch assigned new jobs and engineering changes at budgeted standards. Also, has engineering responsibility for resolving process problems and improving plant safety, quality, and productivity on assigned programs/processes.
DUTIES & ELEMENTS:
Manage Plant Launches/APQP activities
 Ensure compliance and complete assigned APQP engineering activities
 Evaluate effectiveness of proposed process to ensure optimal manufacturability, adherence to tolerance guidelines, functionality, tool design, machine design, cell layout, and safety and ergonomic concerns.
 Initiate activities to secure and install new equipment or processes.
 Lead cross-functional teams to develop PFMEA’s, mistake/error proofing.
 Lead and/or assist with tooling design and development from prototype through manufacturing production stages as required by Program Manager.
 Review product design with respect to materials, quality, function and manufacturability.
 Execute required prototype and pre-launch production runs
 Develop any required work instructions and set-up procedures for new processes
 Train operators, supervisors, and maintenance personnel to run new process and equipment.
 Ensure products meet quoted cycle time, material usage, and operator requirements.
 Coordinate PPAP, PSA’s, Run at Rates runs with plant personnel to ensure a capable product.
 Develop, document, employ, and manage machine tool standards and best practices.
 Demonstrate compliance to plant and department TS16949 procedures.
 Apply Lean manufacturing principles (e.g. 5S, value stream mapping, SMED, standardized work methods, etc.) to improve assigned processes.
Executes RVP engineering activities
 Acts as Program Manager on house accounts as assigned.
 Participate in the TFC process to assist in determining optimum processes, tooling, and material requirements for customer quotes.
 Identifies and resolves process improvements leading to better cycle times, reduced spoilage, improved process capability and increased throughput.
 Performs corrective action implementation on assigned customer complaints or internal failures as assigned
 Assists production staff as process expert by utilizing troubleshooting, diagnosis, debugging, and other technical skills to keep production lines running at peak efficiency.
 Performs safety analysis and implementation as assigned.
*The above statements are intended to describe the essential functions and related requirements of persons assigned to this job. They are not intended as an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements
QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Work Experience, etc.):
Minimum [Must have to be considered for the position] :
 Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Mechanical, Chemical, Electrical, or Industrial).
 Experience or training using computer software applications (MS Office, Windows Operating Systems).
 Five or more years relevant work experience in manufacturing involving automation applications.
 Demonstrated achievements requiring mechanical problem-solving and creative abilities.
Desired [Will provide job holder with added skills(s) to perform duties] :
 Experience interpreting or using CAD/CAM drawings and systems
 A working knowledge of plant processes.
 A level 2 understanding of SPC.
 The ability to perform Failure Model and Effects Analysis (FMEA) and Design of Experiments (DOE’s).
 A thorough knowledge of automotive policies and procedures, with emphasis on manufacturing planning, quality planning, statistical methods and problem solving.
 A demonstrated ability to plan and organize.
 The ability to reach closure on assigned tasks within suspense dates.
 Intermediate knowledge of Fanuc Robots
HUMAN RELATIONS:
Process Engineers work closely with, and often serve as support to, a number of different departments and personnel. As a result, and in order to achieve optimum effectiveness, they must maintain a positive, cooperative relationship with these various departments/individuals. They must also be responsive to their needs.
Process Engineers interact with all levels of the organization, i.e., with operators through senior managers.
To be effective, they must be sensitive to, and cooperatively blend the needs and goals of these various levels with the common denominator of “achieving organizational objectives” (i.e., effective launches, safety, quality, productivity, cost reduction, and positive employee/ employer relations).
Finally, in the role of a problem solver, Process Engineers must remain objective and be able to make recommendations based on facts, regardless of whether those recommendations are popular.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 5 years (Required)
manufacturing: 5 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday

n/a

