Process Engineer (Thin Film Coating & Metrology)

Chroma Technology Corp

- Bellows Falls, VT 05101

Process Engineer
Thin Film Coating & Metrology
Bellow Falls, Vermont
Chroma Technology Corp., a world leader in the manufacture of thin-film optical coatings has an exciting opening for a Process Engineer.
The ideal candidate embraces a leadership role in driving improvement efforts, developing and implementing projects to improve yields and efficiencies in the manufacturing process. The Process
Engineer also sets priorities, organize resources, and maintain timelines and budgets.
We are looking for applicants who use a blend of creativity and a methodical scientific approach to solve unique technical challenges.
The right fit is someone who thrives in a collaborative environment and can train, coach, and mentor staff in standard operating procedures using excellent communication skills.
We are seeking candidates with the following qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering such as Materials, Chemical, Mechanical, Optical or Manufacturing or a science-related field such as Material Science, Physics, Chemistry, or the equivalent in experience
Minimum 3 years of hands-on experience in thin film deposition or related manufacturing processes
Minimum 3 years of hands-on experience in spectroscopy. Specific experience with Agilent Cary or Perkin Elmer Lambda systems a plus.
Strong demonstrated experience leading process improvements in a manufacturing environment
Experience in Lean manufacturing and Statistical Process Control
As an award-winning, 100% employee-owned company and certified B Corporation, Chroma Technology Corp. is able to offer an extremely generous package of benefits, rewards, and a value-driven work environment. Join our team of collaborative employee-owners who are self-motivated, independent workers willing to strategize and together work towards the long-term prosperity of the company.
Click here to view the full job description, summary of benefits, or to apply online Chroma.com
Chroma Technology Corp is an employee-owned company and an equal opportunity employer.
Job Type: Full-time
relevant: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Bellows Falls, VT (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement

n/a

