Process Engineer

Ineos Joliet

- Joliet, IL

Are you interested in joining a team where you can apply your chemical engineering expertise to our three unique chemical manufacturing processes? We are looking for a Process Engineer for our INEOS Joliet, IL plant. This is a challenging position that will need to effectively engage with Operations, Maintenance and Project teams to be successful. The Senior Chemical Engineer will lead the initial phases of capital project development and will also assist with troubleshooting complex operating issues.
In addition to our manufacturing plant in Joliet, IL (40 miles southwest of Chicago), we also have a domestic office in Wichita, as well as international offices in Europe and Asia to support the global sales and marketing of our three products. INEOS Joliet is one of the newest businesses within the INEOS portfolio. The INEOS Group is one of the world’s largest chemical companies comprising 19,000 employees at over 170 sites in 24 countries with an annual turnover of approximately $60 billion.
Required Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering.
5+ years of experience as a chemical engineer in a refining or chemical facility.
A demonstrated ability to apply fundamental concepts of science and engineering to solve problems in a manufacturing plant. (One of our products was first commercially produced at Joliet and there are only a few other producers globally so there is no technology licensor to call for assistance.)
Knowledge of petrochemical industry best practices (design, control, safety, etc.)
Basic knowledge of the PHA process, pressure relief systems, and safety instrumented systems.
Experience in an Operations role or working directly with Operations.
Experience developing process improvement projects.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience with a PSM regulated facility.
Leadership and change facilitation skills within a technical/manufacturing environment.
Knowledge of typical engineering contracting and project execution practices.
Experience at application of process engineering standards to the design of new/retrofit equipment.
Specific Responsibilities of the Position:
Identify and recommend process technology Improvements that positively impact safety, cost and production capacity.
Lead front end loading activities for process improvement projects (including heat and material balances, process flow diagrams and determining environmental impact).
Develop and conduct process tests to evaluate process improvement opportunities.
Provide technical mentoring to junior engineering staff.
Stay connected to current industry practices and technologies. Grow a technical network within INEOS sites as well as a network throughout the industry.
Manage catalyst lifecycles. Monitor ongoing performance with the catalyst vendors and determine the timing of changeouts.
Other Considerations:
Physical ability to work around and on industrial equipment, including frequent climbing of stairs and ladders.
Willingness and capability to work safely in an industrial chemical production facility that processes hazardous materials.
Ability to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) in designated areas (hard hat, goggles, safety boots and hearing protection).
A commitment to follow the INEOS 20 Principles of Process and Behavioral Safety.
This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.
We are an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran.
Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.
We offer a comprehensive benefits package.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
petrochemical industry best practices: 1 year (Required)
PHA process, pressure relief systems & instr systems: 1 year (Required)
as a Chemical Engineer in refining or chemical facility: 5 years (Required)
in an operations role or working directly with operations: 1 year (Required)
developing process improvements projects: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Joliet, IL (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location

n/a

