Process Engineer

BP

- Houston, TX 77049

Job profile summary:
Responsible for providing specialist Process Safety engineering expertise to projects or operations, including maintenance, inspection and turnaround, proactively interacting with other disciplines, teams, subfunctions and contractors to systematically resolve problems and applying advanced engineering judgement to assist in setting and implementing engineering technical practices, and drive integrated, pragmatic solutions focused on risk management, operating efficiency, defect elimination and standardisation.
Job Advert:
Provides PS expertise to MoCs and to brownfield projects and modifications (Comment: Relevant support activities include regulatory compliance, deviations from technical practice/specifications, design reviews, procurement support for complex packages, life cycle operability).
Provides PS expertise to hazard identification and risk assessment processes (Comment: Relevant hazard identification and risk assessment processes include MoCs, HAZOPs, LOPAs, HAZIDs, Human Factors Analysis, What-Ifs, Vulnerability studies, Bow-ties and Risk Action Plans).
Ensures that appropriate process safety-related assessments are carried out (Comment: For SORAs, HITRAs and ORAs to ensure that risks associated with safety system bypasses/ defeats, defective SCEs, overdue SCE inspections are appropriately assessed and managed consistent with the design intent and that appropriate interim measures are in place).
Supports the regional Quantitative Risk Assessment (QRA) and Major Accident Risk (MAR) revalidation (Comment: Seeks support from central GOO/UEC as required).
Provides P&PS expertise to delivery of regional actions. Leads on resolution of complex, multi-discipline technical issues where the dominant component is process or process safety related (Comment: Relevant sources of actions include HAZOP/LOPA, HVLs, Learning Alerts/Bulletins, Audit findings, IRIS/Traction, RAP, F4S, MoC, OPTIMA and engineering studies).
Records relevant learnings in shared learning systems, incorporates into local activities and escalates high priority lessons.
Essential Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering or equivalent engineering degree to support process safety.
Essential Experience and Job Requirements:
A minimum of 10-years of experience in oil & gas process safety related roles.
Significant experience with HAZOP/LOPA, what-ifs, MAR, etc.
About BP:
We are a global energy business involved in every aspect of the energy system. We have 75,000 employees in 80 countries, working towards delivering light, heat and mobility to millions of people, every day. We are one of the very few companies equipped to solve some of the big complex challenges that matter for the future. We have a real contribution to make to the world's ambition of a low carbon future. Join us, and be part of what we can accomplish together.

BP is one of the world's leading international oil and gas companies. Through our work we provide customers with fuel for transportation, energy for heat and light, lubricants to keep engines moving, and the petrochemicals products used to make everyday items as diverse as paints, clothes and packaging. Our objective is to create value for shareholders and supplies of energy for the world in a safe and responsible way. We strive to be a safety leader in our industry, a world-class operator, a responsible corporate citizen and a good employer.

Our Upstream segment is responsible for our activities in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, and midstream transportation, storage and processing.
At the same time, we’re investing in the talents of the 20,000 people who work to make these activities a reality.
Legal disclaimer
If you are selected for a position in the United States, your employment will be contingent upon submission to and successful completion of a post-offer/pre-placement drug test (and alcohol screening/medical examination if required by the role) as well as pre-placement verification of the information and qualifications provided during the selection process. The drug screen requires a hair test for which BP must be able to obtain a sufficient hair sample for analysis (~4 cm/1 ½” scalp, or > 2 cm/¾” body – arms & armpits/legs/chest)
As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, BP is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us or have one of your representatives contact us at BPUSApplicationAssis@bp.com or by telephone at 281.366.1999.
Read the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the poster supplement - for more information about Equal Employment Opportunities. (Spanish version)
BP is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. View our policy statement.

n/a

