Process Improvement Engineer

Lucite International

- Beaumont, TX

JOB PURPOSE:
To ensure achievement of the Regional Manufacturing Strategy goals through full ownership (identification, development and implementation) of technology improvement initiatives/projects covering all aspects of manufacturing.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Develop and drive implementation of improvement initiatives that are elements of the region’s technical strategies for delivery of the Regional Manufacturing Strategy.
Ensure plant’s deliver annual manufacturing commitments through developing and leveraging a deep technical understanding of assigned processes and equipment. This accountability includes technical troubleshooting, problem solving, leading investigations and delivery of technical training
Own and lead the implementation of the technical process safety program for assigned technology including leadership of hazard studies, LOPA’s and gap closure,
Document Most Effective Technology for assigned area through collaboration with technology partners across Lucite and MRC.
Provide technology, chemical process engineering design, and technical management for the Americas capital program.
SPECIAL FEATURES:
The job holder must be able to operate on a regional and potentially international basis working in existing assets and on potential investments including business partnerships and joint venture opportunities.
The job holder must maintain an excellent network of contacts in Lucite’s manufacturing and technical communities.
The job holder is expected to work very closely with the plant operating teams and be very comfortable in a plant environment.
KNOWLEDGE/ EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
B.S. in Chemical Engineering is required
5+ year of experience in a high hazard chemical industry is required.
Experience leading complex technical problem solving using multi-variate statistical tools and methodologies such as Six Sigma is preferred.
The job holder must be proficient in application of chemical engineering principles and tools, including process modeling software, to evaluate/optimize existing facilities and design new ones.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Tuition reimbursement
Professional development assistance

n/a

