Process Engineer

Ames Goldsmith

- Glens Falls, NY 12801

SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for maintenance of in control processes by continuous improvement activities. This includes reviewing product data and identify opportunities to improve product pass rates and consistency. The Process Engineer will conduct investigations and work with Production, Quality, Applied Technology and/or R&D to determine corrective / preventive actions, as well as auditing its effectiveness.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Review product data for out of specifications and out of control points. Work with cross-functional team to help determine root cause, corrective and preventive actions to prevent recurrence.
Develop process worksheets and associated documentation inclduing equipment operating procedues for newly installed equipment or equipment modifications.
Work with Production, Quality, Applied Technology and / or R&D to identify process, raw material improvement to enable consistency improvement; drive towards in control process.
Conduct audit of process and testing to verify implementation of corrective actions, training and current use of procedures.
Conduct statistical analysis of product characteristics and/or process parameters to support determination of process capabilities, as well as validation of effectiveness of corrective actions.
Support QC Lab to improve test accuracy (i.e. Gage R&R study, new testing technology research) and instrument reliability (ie. Preventive Maintenance/ Calibration Program).
Support the qualification / selection of new Raw Materials by analytical characterization, monitoring trialed batches, as well as defining Raw Material specifications
Work directly with suppliers to address non-conformances/ SCARs and specifications review/ update.
Prepare for and participate in UL and customer visits, audits and inquiries regarding existing processes.
Coordinate and assist R&D with scale up of new products to existing or new manufacturing process equipment.
REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s Degree in Physical Sciences (Chemistry or Chemical Engineering preferred).
*
Minimum 3 years of experience in Manufacturing Engineering in fast pace batch production facility, make to order, preferably in the chemical or metal powder manufacturing.
*
Effective skills in analytical thinking and problem solving.
*
Excellent communication, negotiation and presentation skills.
*
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS:
As needed
COMPETENCIES:
Technical Capability
*
Communication Proficiency
*
Thoroughness
*
Collaboration
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Required)
Negotiation: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift

n/a

