Process Engineer

Amalgamated Sugar

- Twin Falls, ID 83301

Process Engineer
The Amalgamated Sugar Company LLC – Paul, Idaho or Twin Falls, Idaho

The Amalgamated Sugar Company LLC is seeking Process Engineer(s) at our Mini-Cassia Factory, located in Paul, ID and Twin Falls Factory in Twin Falls, Idaho to assist Plant Management in optimizing processes to achieve the highest recovery at the lowest cost. This position is responsible to provide Technical support and guidance and optimize processes within the factory. The Process Engineer will also provide leadership to the factory staff in the areas of safety, quality, environmental stewardship, and operational excellence. The process Engineer assists in developing, managing and communicating the company's Production Plan, Syrup Movement Plan and Granulated Sugar Plan. This role monitors the factory production and operations in accordance with the Operating Instructions, company policies and the Collective Bargaining Agreement.

The Amalgamated Sugar Company LLC is built on innovation and is a proud leader in the sugar industry and that can only happen with the best people. Qualified candidates need to be dynamic and have the ability to work successfully in a fluid environment.

Additional Responsibilities:

Develop and/or update station One-Pont-Lessons (OPLs) and work instructions.

Develop, conduct, and/or update factory Process Hazard Assessments (PHAs).

Provide process optimization oversight and support for assigned area KPI’s to maximize throughput and extraction and to minimize operating expenses for all value streams.

Provide technical process training support to factory personnel.

Develop and manage continuous improvement (CI) projects in assigned area.

Provide operational expertise and support to project engineers regarding new projects including the development of PFD’s, P&ID’s, control narratives, etc. This also includes support for the installation and commissioning of the new projects.

Help ensure that all value stream products meet applicable safety and quality parameters.

Assist in ensuring that all chemical additions to the process are correct and available.

Perform detailed process data analysis and develop/manage statistical process controls (SPCs) in assigned area. Communicate this information to the factory operating team utilizing available tools, such as ParcView and MS Office.

Maintain process area glide-paths and periodic KPI reports for distribution to factory and/or corporate team members.

Run specialized testing/analysis on unit operations to assess process efficiencies and identify areas of improvement opportunity – this may require laboratory skills and/or assets.

Resolve issues with outside agencies (Fire, Police, News Media, Utilities, Idaho Department of Environmental Quality, Food and Drug Administration, and EPA) in absence of management.

Perform other duties as assigned.
Job Requirements
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering or related engineering field.
10-15 years’ experience in related field preferred;
Or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides required knowledge, skills and abilities.

n/a

