Process Engineer

AvistaHR

- Aguadilla, PR

Company Overview
Our client, a leader in the food service industry, distribution and manufacturing logistics, is looking for a process engineer.
Job Summary
Responsible for managing consumer projects and other packaging from concept to production, including development of project scope, development and approval of products, equipment and project specifications, project schedules and budgets.
Responsibilities and Duties
Production process improvement; continuously evaluate and modify existing packaging equipment, processes and components to improve efficiency and cost.
Collaborate with cross functional teams to ensure that product launches meet deadlines and cost requirements.
Plan, monitor and evaluate production trials for new packaging materials and components.
Respond to manufacturing issues as they arise and implement appropriate solutions.
Provide process technical support for other areas of the production facility as needed.
Within scope of responsibilities, understand and conform to food safety and HACCP guidelines.
Work closely with sales team, customers and production teams to design and implement solutions to customer packaging challenges.
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelor's Degree in Packaging, Process Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or related fields.
Minimum of 3 years of experience in the food and beverage industry.
Consumer packaging experience required.
Excellent computer skills including AutoCAD.
Strong project management and problem-solving skills.
Willingness and ability to work with a culturally rich and diverse workforce.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required for the job.
Avista is a human resources consulting firm that helps companies attain a game changing culture, drive growth and achieve their vision of success. Combining expert advisory, cutting-edge technology and unparalleled service, we offer innovative solutions that are affordable to the needs of forward thinking organizations.
mn1lKbC3Lj

n/a

