Research Chemical Engineer

The Amalgamated Sugar Company LLC

- Twin Falls, ID 83301

Research Chemical Engineer
Amalgamated Research LLC ? Twin Falls, Idaho.

Amalgamated Research LLC (ARi) is seeking a Chemical Engineer to work at its Research and Development facility in Twin Falls, Idaho. The duties include carrying out process research and development, working primarily in the fields of production-scale chromatography, ion exchange, fluid distribution & mixing. The successful candidate will be involved with the development of innovative technologies from laboratory scale, through pilot testing and scale-up, to full-scale industrial implementation across a diverse range of industries.
Additionally, the successful candidate will be involved in the provision of ongoing technical support, troubleshooting and optimization services to new and existing customers. Liaison with potential customers in new applications or industries may also be required, to establish the technical and economic viability of ARi technology on an industrial scale.
Qualified applicants must have at least two years of relevant experience. Knowledge of the fundamentals of fluid mechanics and the basic unit operations of chemical engineering is required. Familiarity with the industrial application of adsorption processes (including ion exchange and chromatography) is desired. The candidate must be able to lead and coordinate projects and interact with various groups within and outside the company.
Preference will be given to candidates who enjoy an applied research environment that combines basic research with validation and implementation of new ideas and technologies. The candidate should enjoy challenging research tasks, be curious and ready to accept full ownership of research projects. A combination of technical knowledge and excellent communication skills is required. The successful candidate should preferably have the demonstrated ability to write technical reports, and scientific papers. Experience in the provision of technical support to industrial operations or external customers would be beneficial.

Qualifications:
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in chemical engineering;
Minimum 2 years of experience in an engineering position;
OR any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.

n/a

