Research Scientist - Process Engineering

Air Liquide

- Newark, DE

Company presentation
World leader in gases, technologies and services for Industry and Health, Air Liquide is present in 80 countries with approximately 66,000 employees and serves more than 3,6 million customers and patients. Oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen have been at the core of the company’s activities since its creation in 1902. Air Liquide’s ambition is to be the leader in its industry, delivering long-term performance and acting responsibly.

Entity and activity description
Air Liquide R&D centers, hosting a wide range of competencies, support the Group in achieving the highest level of excellence in the technologies it provides to its customers. The Delaware Research and Technology Center (DRTC) in Newark, DE provides innovation and technical support to Air Liquide’s businesses and markets in the Americas and worldwide.
Our Delaware Innovation Campus, inaugurated in 2007, leads research and technology initiatives in 8 scientific and engineering disciplines. With researchers from 21 different countries, the Center had the distinction of being named to the 2015 Philly Top Workplaces by the Philadelphia Inquirer and philly.com and cited in 2016 by the Delaware Business Times as one of “13 Cool Companies in Delaware.” In 2017 we celebrated our 10th anniversary in Delaware and over 3,600 days without a recordable accident! In 2018 we celebrated 10 years of accident-free operations.

Job Responsibilities
This position will be based in the Process Engineering & Combustion (PE&C) group of Air Liquide’s Delaware Innovation Campus (DIC), directly reporting to the group manager. The PE&C group is focused on developing innovative solutions, process modeling and optimization of gas separation systems involving membranes, adsorption, cryogenics, etc. Some example processes are steam methane reforming, carbon capture, biogas upgrading, natural gas treatment, onsite gas production solutions for oxygen, nitrogen and CO2, etc. The PE&C team is also developing technologies in oxy-fuel combustion, high-pressure combustion, industrial waste heat recovery and applications in computational fluid dynamics. The team operates membrane test benches and combustion test platform at both DIC and partner sites.

Duties and Responsibilities
Serve as a safety role model; promote a high level of safety awareness; adhere to and support the continuous improvement of all safety practices / procedures
Construct experimental rigs, small / large test platforms, in compliance with safe practices
Safely execute experimental testing at bench- and pilot-scale
Conduct process modeling simulations of chemical process systems
Design, develop, build process system equipment / components (such as burners, heat exchangers, etc.)
Document results and progress regularly in shared reports and presentations
Complete required training certifications/qualifications for safe operation in lab space
Lead the development of intellectual property for the group
Lead project teams in a collaborative environment

Qualifications and Competencies
Required Qualifications
Ph. D. in Chemical or Mechanical Engineering
Experience in process modeling, gas separation systems, membranes, combustion
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in process modeling tools such as ASPEN HYSYS
Design, building and operation of experimental test benches
Required Competencies
Knowledge in process systems and equipment
Data handling: Responsible/neat data collection, summary and analysis
Verbal and written communication (e.g., presenting, reporting) of acquired results
Demonstrated capability to work autonomously as well as in collaborative environment
Working experience in the safe design of testing setups involving gases/liquids under pressure and temperature
Familiarity working with Google Docs, Sheets and Slides

Additional Information
Travel to customer / pilot testing sites to support commissioning and operation of pilot skids
Total travel estimated to be 10-20%
Physical capacity to lift up to 30 lbs

This position is identified by Air Liquide as "safety-sensitive" and as such is subject to random drug testing in accordance with the current Drug and Alcohol Policy.

Job Reference: US01821

n/a

