Senior Project Engineer

Troy Corporation

- Florham Park, NJ 07932

Overview
OVERALL RESPONSIBILITIES:

Coordinates all technical activities on assigned projects. Plans, schedules, conducts and coordinates assigned engineering projects. Monitors work for compliance with applicable codes, accepted engineering practices and Troy standards. Ensures effective communication and coordination on assigned projects between all departments and all other project participants.

MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE:

Develops project deliverables as defined in project scope on a timely basis
Completes assigned projects effectively and on a timely basis
Complete projects within budgetary guidelines
Adheres to all regulatory and Company guidelines
Complete all project documentation and storage in appropriate project folder
Responsibilities
SPECIFIC DUTIES:

Develops and manages all phases of project including conceptualization, feasibility, formulation, approval and execution of all facets of assigned projects.
Works closely with the SHE group to drive safety in design and construction. Ensures that SHE requirements are properly integrated into the scope of the projects and sets a zero incident mind-set in implementation of projects.
Ensures quality of deliverables and effective execution of project assignments to ensure successful completion of engineering projects in a timely and cost effective manner.
Tracks and maintains on a weekly basis the engineering summary database to effectively monitor project functionality, schedule and cost.
Works with the business unit leader or the project sponsors to develop the business case and provide sufficient information to the finance group for capital justifications (ROI).
Participates in client/contractor meetings and resolves client/engineering and management project issues.
Communicates project status to management and team members as required.
Assures that project design and components comply with engineering principles, Company guidelines and all regulatory requirements.
Reviews and approves contractor invoices and change orders.
Participates in development and improvement of manufacturing processes for existing and new products.
Manages project timelines and ensures that all assigned personnel are coordinating their activities so plans and timelines are adhered to.
Works on additional duties and special projects as assigned.
Qualifications
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering
Minimum of 10 years project engineering experience along with exposure to process engineering in a chemical manufacturing environment.
Experience in executing EPC projects
PMP certification desired

KEY ATTRIBUTES:

Focus on Safety- Completes projects on time and on budget in a safe manner with strict adherence to safety and environmental regulations.
Leadership- Motivate and challenge others to drive high performance. Leadership in executing projects following company Project Execution Procedure. Takes an active role in implementing Troy’s strategy.
Conceptual Thinking – Ability to make connection between facts and events that are not readily obvious. Anticipate problems before they arise and implement robust mitigating strategies.
Inter-personal- Willing to see things from different point of views, follows through and closes the loop based on factual information.
Action-oriented, self-starter - Takes active role in identifying capital project execution improvement opportunities. Ability to influence and be an effective change agent.
Ability to “think outside of the box” - Find innovative solutions to complex engineering problems.
Cost conscious - Thorough analysis of Total Cost of Ownership for projects clearly documented and communicated. Driven to find the most economical solutions to solve problems.

n/a

