Supplier Quality Engineer - Chemical

Nova Biomedical

- Waltham, MA 02454

Nova Biomedical is hiring an experienced Supplier Quality Engineer – Chemical to join our team in Waltham.
Nova Biomedical is a company dedicated to using advanced technology to develop better blood testing analyzers for medical use. Nova is the largest privately owned IVD company in the U.S. with over 1,200 employees globally. Our eight percent compounded annual growth over nearly a decade is more than double the IVD market growth, making Nova one the fastest growing IVD companies in the world.
At Nova Biomedical, we practice our core values of mutual respect, honesty, and integrity throughout the company. With a strong sense of family in the workplace, we are proud that one third of all our employees have been with us for over 10 years.
As a Supplier Quality Engineer, your responsibilities will include:
Review non-conforming material reports and analyze corrective and preventative action reports.
Provide statistical quality data and charts to monitor systems at suppliers.
Work closely with engineers to prevent non-conformances of material from suppliers.
Generate and publish quarterly supplier on time delivery and quality reports.
Follow up with suppliers to close out open CAPA's (Corrective and Preventative Actions).
Maintain NCMR database.
Work with engineering to determine disposition of material residing in MRB.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry or Biomedical Engineering; ASQ certification is a plus.
5+ years of experience working with suppliers in a manufacturing environment, with a focus on chemical products / reagents in life sciences organizations.
Solid understanding of Quality Assurance responsibilities.
Strong analytical and communication skills.
Highlights of benefits offered to Nova Biomedical employees include Blue Cross Blue Shield medical plan, tuition reimbursement, matching 401K, delicious and company subsidized cafeteria and an innovative scholarship program for children of employees.

n/a

