https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DIXU_djF9v0NrX_xbLRwj6RWFeuMEgTY6VvwKgvleOVN2aNd4LWgpeKXIdsYXWhN4AetNnW4TgqGOarXslK1LdBhIiE75642qBK4An4edPn0TftD26cCdpVRaSlJf3Wvsnci9y_rjCTDhKh_Sglv1dpRmk17tcBVA-PxXZQYH1ABGGLILFy-WpKJZbjnS2txUYjPZcBw3N7GE6HRxnXmYrOe2b07hDEgoxQyAF7WKKFpUWAvQjt18zhIab3O_WrRa8C8vpikFW2Afv8_yUx6yOy1Yd8bNXX0wal_cV-LQ0lj1zBGBvYn7PSoxwlFGkMavoFP1hTQFVIXr09NeESykGeVWheKD0rKhGbKN3QtF_NPrrmyPC0X_E7rdT1yw611SRhHfir2T7dF2VQLs94zMt8aKwGpjjaa6GdKj76d1kr9gncC3rzUn04ukiPZrqpVb5HQ3SPU-HEULjFkA0v19-gn46ybgAXMBoF4WqedDXOd15LyMk3xP0EdYGXGjwoirxTaVvLXwg24sIBIMchXczxkZ65xYDpYzFOSMXfe7w1A==&p=10&fvj=0&vjs=3&tk=1e1kus5cv35c7000&jsa=5711&oc=1&sal=0

Custom Web Developer - Consultant - Applied AI

Deloitte

- Boston, MA 02116 (Back Bay area)

Custom Web Developer
While analytics isn't new, we're experiencing a renaissance in the science, technology, and application of business analytics today, which makes it hard to keep up. Many business leaders are now facing the dilemma of how best to quickly get up to speed on what analytics can actually deliver in practice. That's where Deloitte’s Insight Studio team can help.

Work you’ll do
We are looking to add a Custom Web Developer to our team. As a Custom Web Developer, you will specialize in building powerful yet elegant products using cutting edge technologies. The Custom Web Developer will have the opportunity to design and build innovative applications that offer measurable business value to our clients. The individual in this role may work in either a pure development role, helping architect and design a solution, or act as a lead, managing a development team.

Evaluate client business challenges and work with the team to arrive at the best-fit technology solution components
Design, document, and develop world class web applications leveraging the full spectrum of front-end and back-end technologies and cutting-edge design patterns
Collaborate with clients and business analysts to translate business requirements into technical requirements
Assist with estimating level of effort and hours required for each phase of a project
Mentor and assist with training junior web application developers

The team
Analytics & Cognitive
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.
As the premier data-powered and platform-enabled cognitive consultancy, we help clients achieve competitive advantage through data and cognitive powered transformations that promote enterprise intelligence, autonomous processes, and precision stakeholder engagement
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets

Minimum Qualifications

A Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of relevant work experience are required
Experience with the entire software development lifecycle (SDLC)
Experience with developing web applications with SOA, RESTful, and/or MVC architectures
Experience with scripting languages (JavaScript (Node.js) / Python)
Significant development experience with a lower level language (Java or C#)
Expert HTML, JavaScript, and CSS skills
Strong database development skills

Preferred qualifications:

Full-Stack web application development experience
User Interface (UI) design knowledge
Deep experience designing modular, object-oriented programming
Strong experience with server-side Web frameworks (Django (Python), Express (Node.js), Play (Java))
Strong experience with relational databases (Microsoft SQL Server, PostgresDB, MySQL)
Experience with NoSQL databases (MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience developing across Windows/UNIX
Experience developing for mobile platforms
Knowledge of professional software engineering practices for the full software development lifecycle including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build process, testing and operations.
Experience mentoring and/or training junior developers

How you’ll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Deloitte’s culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. . Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

#LI:PTY
#IND:PTY

n/a

