https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2462105d9474df74&fccid=9e215d88a6b33622&vjs=3

Data Analtyics Sr Consultant (Secret Clearance)

Deloitte

- Huntsville, AL 35806

Are you an analytical, data-driven professional? Are you interested in a role that offers an opportunity to provide front line support to our clients instead of a “back office programmer” position? If so, Deloitte’s Government and Public Service Advisory Analytics team is the place for you! Join our team of specialists as they unlock insights contained in the data universe and work through challenges related to the identification of improper payments, data quality, mission-oriented analysis, and cost management.

Work you’ll do
As a Senior Consultant within our Analytics team, you will:
Facilitate use of technology-based risk assessment tools or methodologies to review, design and implement solutions
Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others
Participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the client and contract
Anticipate client needs and formulate solutions to client issues
Review deliverables for accuracy and quality
Provides coaching to junior staff
Contributes to new business proposals and proposal development
Manage own personal and professional development; seek opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experience

The Team
Transparency, innovation, collaboration, sustainability: these are the hallmark issues shaping Federal government initiatives today. Deloitte’s Government and Public Service practice is passionate about making an impact with lasting change. Carrying out missions over in the Government and Public Service practice requires fresh thinking and a creative approach. We collaborate with teams from across our organization in order to bring the full breadth of Deloitte, its commercial and public sector expertise, to best support our clients. Our aspiration is to be the premier integrated solutions provider in helping to transform the Federal marketplace.

Advisory Analytics mitigates current and future risk for our Federal clients across several industries, spanning from finance and audit readiness to forensics and healthcare. With a creative and innovative approach, our Analytics team exposes our clients’ risks and provides recommendations to improve the quality of data. We collaborate closely with government agencies, accountants, IT professionals, and clients to produce analyses in support of risk consulting engagements.
Qualifications

Required:
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business Analytics disciplines, or related area
2+ years of experience with data quality analysis, statistical analysis and/or modeling, financial or cost analysis, internal controls, and/or external/internal financial audit
Experience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in one or more of the following: SAS, SQL, SPSS, R, Python, ACP, IDEA Tableau, MATLAB, Visual Basic, Business Intelligence, Hadoop or Alteryx
Experience working independently with minimal supervision and guidance
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation creation tools, as well as Internet research tools
Ability to obtain & maintain the required security clearance
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future

Preferred:
Previous Federal Consulting and/or professional services experience
Certified in SAS, ACL, CPA, CISA, CISSP, PMP, FRM, ASA, and/or CFA

How you’ll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte’s culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

n/a

