https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ae5ec41df709d4af&fccid=9e215d88a6b33622&vjs=3

Java Full Stack Developer –Solution Specialist

Deloitte

- Gilbert, AZ 85297

Core Business Operations –Solution Specialist – Full Stack Java Developer

Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology? A roll-up-your-sleeves Full Stack Java Application Developer who wants be part of a collaborative environment? An innovative programmer who can incorporate new ideas in a think-tank and share new ideas with your colleagues? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center – we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center.

Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below …

Work you’ll do/Responsibilities

Responsible for completing all assigned project deliverables

Collaborate with team on most relevant tools/techniques to solve issues and exceed client requirements
Deliver solutions in accordance to service level agreements

The Team

Our Systems Engineering team delivers large-scale software applications and integrated systems, and assists clients with architecture design, assessment and optimization, and definition. We develop service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integration solutions to enable information sharing and management between business partners and disparate processes and systems, and we deliver technology enablement to support CIO services transformation.
Systems Engineering professionals focus on key client issues that impact the core business by maximizing operational value, driving down the cost of quality, and enhancing technology innovation. Our teams deliver a wide range of services, including application architecture design and optimization, application modernization, business process management and solution integration, custom application design and development, and large-scale technology delivery program efforts.

Qualifications

Required
Bachelors in Science in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Management Information Systems or equivalent experience
5+ years of IT experience in software development in developing robust web applications and client/server applications
Hands on experience with open source components (Angular JS, React, Node)
Experience with writing the backends of modern open source web applications (e.g., Java, .Net, Python).
Experience developing and consuming web-based RESTful APIs.
Experience using modern full-cycle web application development to deploy on one (1) or more Digital Service or agile software projects or platforms including all aspects of development, testing, and production launch
The Developer must have Front-end Web Development experience that includes creating and deploying user-facing interfaces in an agile environment on one (1) or more digital service project.
Ability to provide development solutions in accordance with SDLC methodologies such as SCRUM and Agile
Participate in performance code reviews and troubleshoot software development issues
Live or must relocate to the Gilbert, AZ area

Preferred Requirements

Experience with AWS or Azure

Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
How you’ll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.

Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits.

Deloitte’s culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

n/a

