https://www.indeed.com/company/DigitalSpec,-LLC/jobs/Junior-Computer-Room-Operator-c5b966c82b86dce0?fccid=4b1deee3b991fbdd&vjs=3

Junior Computer Room Operator

DIGITALSPEC, LLC

- Boyers, PA 16016

Position: Junior Computer Operator
Become an integral part of a diverse team. Currently DIGITALPSEC is seeking an experienced, motivated, career and customer-oriented Junior Computer Room Operator to join our team.
Location: Boyer’s, PA.
Education: High School Diploma
Clearance: Positively adjudicated Tier 5 Level of Investigation. (Top Secret) Well-qualified candidates may be considered who already have a security clearance, but are able to be cleared to a Top Secret.
Qualifications:
· Monitor peripheral equipment, master console, communications lines, communications devices, and printers.
· Monitor computer program jobs.
· Discuss with programmers any new jobs, changes within TWS, or any other issues that arise.
· Execute printer jobs, routing printed material to various agencies within the facility and to be transported to other locations.
· Monitor the printers, clearing and troubleshooting printer jams and problems.
· Troubleshoot communications and networking problems for online users.
· Provide requested reports to Supervisor and OPM.
· Discuss with Programmers changes or problems with jobs. Perform routine maintenance, (i.e. changing printer toner, fixing paper jams, and cleaning printers) on Computer Room equipment.
· Report on and have non-routine maintenance performed on the equipment within the Computer Room.
· Execute batch jobs at the proper times; process and print reports; and perform quality control functions related to the batch jobs.
· Audit the log for correctness and correct code completion of all jobs.
· Maintain inventory and order supplies for the computer room daily, as needed. Reset Passwords for Users
Corporate Performance Standards: In the performance of their respective tasks and duties all employees are expected to conform to the following:
1. Perform quality work within deadlines with or without direct supervision.
2. Interact professionally with other employees, customers and suppliers.
3. Work effectively as a team contributor on all assignments.
4. Work independently while understanding the necessity for communicating and coordinating work efforts with other employees and organizations.
About DIGITALSPEC, LLC
DIGITALSPEC, LLC (DSPEC) is a Small Business Administration (SBA) certified 8(a), ISO 9001, 20000, and 27001 company founded in 2005 and headquartered in Fairfax, VA. We are a leading provider of Business Consulting Services and Technical Solution Services delivering true business value and return on investment to Federal clients in the metropolitan Washington, D.C area. DSPEC provides solutions and services in markets such as: Homeland Security and Law Enforcement, Defense and Intelligence, Financial Services, and Social & Citizen Services. We work collaboratively with clients to create solutions that ‘fit’ the client environment and use industry best practices.
Join us at DIGITALSPEC, where we’re engineering Innovations, Solutions, and Results
Job Type: Full-time
Education:
High school or equivalent (Required)
Location:
Boyers, PA 16020 (Required)
License:
Active Top Secret security clearance (Required)
Shifts:
Graveyard (Required)
Working Days:
Monday (Required)
Tuesday (Required)
Wednesday (Required)
Thursday (Required)
Friday (Required)
Application Question:
What is your expected yearly salary range for this position?
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Typical start time:
10PM
Typical end time:
6AM
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Night shift
8 hour shift

n/a

