https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BRHAOfPojhr5UlLOLEgOSBdTJg5tuPlxoeljkAG6cr_AygyZ-sGktLf7zdeP5DJMN-9HrR4z8eszt5yls61fm79Z5oC5ZwvlGnqotUb0yU-CNFODRDQOzh9YOo-hlTFAuzJO3Y2EIbF3kr5dZ457o4mrBdI76EO5IZeFMba4ROny5gok_tSQbz97lN3ol8hp2L-FzBclBit5a04dDtFfyebEx6Div8HlDmGWMfLvQ4qdvFFLKBgeO4lOA6mB1rNVfVOCCQSQVMqIqNgskfOb5EV55i8Z-M0QD4koCvpyfniSPlEzULj-1AC7EVszKz-IGrLp-yBGSaGszzAo9Z9txBlCK1q4qhhUPvVkZ27xodFBb4UAgNh_8eNvp4uN7e7bxVYmDvlOsk0-BDfwk-Lzi1llcqV7pj_Wclb-8EX2ZD9VE_LMz3s8s8VLOSNX1F_kM15XnvrnmlgVkP_cdKCVzRUfoy462ZvthdJ52VXOFSa9ZCHHA5ctxUhu4bSVBFCfE=&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3&tk=1e1kqmd4p34qf000&jsa=2729&oc=1&sal=0

Junior Programmer Analyst - Spartanburg, SC

Tindall Corporation

- Spartanburg, SC 29301

Tindall Corporation is a trusted leader in precast, prestressed concrete - one of our industry`s highest-rated specialty contractors. We know that a dynamic, supportive working environment leads to success, which is why we invest in what matters most: you!
We know that to succeed as a company, every team member must succeed individually. Were committed to helping you grow to your maximum potential. With your talent and commitment, we can turn challenges into opportunities and dreams into careers.
Position Overview:
Location: 2273 Hayne Street, Spartanburg, SC 29304 USA
Shift: 1st Shift
POSITION SUMMARY:

Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
Creates innovative, scalable, fault-tolerant software solutions to support and improve manufacturing operations.
Generates APIs, procedures, and triggers in relational databases using normalized data structuring.
Provides ongoing maintenance, support and enhancements in existing systems and platforms.
Manages and licenses software by obtaining required information from vendors; recommending purchases; testing and approving products.
Works alongside other engineers on the team to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices.
Position Qualifications:
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Minimum of 2(+) years` experience in a similar, programming oriented role.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:

Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and superior organizational abilities.
Strong DevOps focus and experience with Python, Java, C++, and PL/SQL.
Proficiency with building APIs and services using REST, SOAP, etc.
Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between.
Knowledge of Linux/Unix and scripting.
Familiarity with professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle (SDLC), including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
Tindall Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates, is an EEO Employer AA: M/F/Veteran/Disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected class.

How to Apply:

There's a Reason People Stay Here.

Pure and simple. Tindall Corporation is a family. We look out for each other. Under the hard hats, dust, and concrete is a big-hearted organization that wants the best for each member, both professionally and personally. When there's a need, we're there with help and support. We celebrate each other's wins. Mourn each other's losses. And have your back with whatever it takes to help you succeed.

Let's Talk.


Tindall Corporation

Tindall Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates, is an EEO Employer AA: M/F/Veteran/Disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected class.

n/a

