https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2da747c38ba6e2f8&fccid=46c847dc877cedc2&vjs=3

Operating Systems Programmer

University of Michigan

- Ann Arbor, MI 48109

Job Opening ID: 181253
Work Location: Ann Arbor Campus
Ann Arbor, MI
Full Time/Part Time: Full-Time
Regular/Temporary: Regular
FLSA Status: Exempt
Organizational Group: College Engineering
Department: CoE-IT/CAEN
Posting Begin/End Date: 2/03/2020 - 2/24/2020
Salary: $58,000.00 - $64,000.00

Paid Time Off:Career Interest:
How to Apply
A cover letter is required for consideration for this position and should be attached as the first page of your resume. The cover letter should address your specific interest in the position and outline skills and experience that directly relate to this position.

Job Summary

CAEN, the IT department for the University of Michigan College of Engineering, has an excellent entry-level opportunity for recent grads or other qualified entry-level job-seekers to serve a 1-year appointment as a Linux systems administrator. You will be part of our team responsible for the installation, configuration, and remote management of the Linux systems. We provide both desktop systems used in our student computer labs and server used by our web group.

The Student Computing Environment offers students access to over a thousand Red Hat Linux desktop computers located in more than 30 locations across the Ann Arbor campus. Remote access to a pool of servers provides students with the same user experience from off campus.

Our team provides a stable and secure web hosting environment, that includes on-premise and cloud based Linux servers, to CAEN's Web Services team.

CAEN's Linux environment is run by a configuration management system that is used to deploy, update and monitor the hosts. This infrastructure uses Red Hat Enterprise Linux's native packaging system to deploy and update software.

The person chosen for this position will find themselves:
Working in an environment where they can learn and grow your skills and technical knowledge.
Involved in the debugging, troubleshooting, issue investigation, and resolution of software issues
Involved in writing documentation and communicating progress with team members and customers
May include independent research on new technologies and techniques to improve current and future systems under development
For more information about CAEN, visit: http://caen.engin.umich.edu/

Who We Are
Michigan Engineering's vision is to be the world's preeminent college of engineering serving the common good. This global outlook, leadership focus and service commitment permeate our culture. Our vision is supported by a mission and values that, together, provide the framework for all that we do. Information about our vision, mission and values can be found at: http://strategicvision.engin.umich.edu/ .

The University of Michigan has a storied legacy of commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI). The Michigan Engineering component of the University's comprehensive, five-year, DEI strategic plan—along with updates on our programs and resources dedicated to ensuring a welcoming, fair and inclusive environment—can be found at: http://www.engin.umich.edu/college/about/diversity .

Responsibilities*

SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION:
Provide system administration and troubleshooting for Linux systems managed by CAEN. Customize host software configurations. Manage event logging, reporting and anomaly detection. Implement and maintain a monitoring with real time outage alerting system for CAEN managed servers and services.

OPERATING SYSTEM INTEGRATION:
Develop, maintain and distribute software images for Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Ubuntu operating systems for servers, workstations, and virtual machines in a networked environment of over a thousand hosts.

SYSTEMS PROGRAMMING:
Develop and troubleshoot internal systems software. Write, maintain and document scripts in Python and other scripting languages to aid in completing recurring tasks.

LINUX SUPPORT AND CONSULTING:
Provide tier 3 end-user support to the CAEN Desktop Support group and CAEN Help Desk. Provide assistance to faculty and staff on a variety of software, hardware, network and equipment configurations. Monitor and answer support request calls and emails

DOCUMENTATION:
Provide documentation, presentations and support staff training in areas of technical responsibility. Prepare regular and ad hoc status and other reports as required by supervisor or higher level authority. Document standard methodologies.

Required Qualifications*

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field, or an equivalent combination of education, certification, and experience.
1-3 years of experience administering and deploying Linux.
Experience with a Linux configuration management system Ansible, Salt, Chef or Puppet.
Experience with Linux software packaging.
Demonstrated experience with Unix shell scripting.
Proficiency with an advanced programming language, like Python, Perl or Ruby.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and independently with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work during normal business hours with occasional work outside of normal business hours for planned upgrades and best-effort response to major outages.
Experience with writing user documentation.
Desired Qualifications*

At least 2 years experience with Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
At least 2 years experience with virtualization software such as VMWare, Oracle VirtualBox or Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM).
Experience with Software Configuration Management tools , preferably Git/GitHub.
Experience with networked file systems.
Experience installing and configuring Apache web servers.
Experience with automated deployment of Linux systems in a large scale environment.
Experience with cloud computing environments such as Amazon Web Services, Google Compute Environment or Microsoft Azure
Additional Information
This is a one-year term-limited appointment

Appointments made for a specified period of time are called term or term-limited appointments. The decision to appoint individuals on a term basis is often due to the funding nature of the position, or the duration of a project.

The term appointment is expected to continue for the specified period of time, assuming satisfactory conduct and performance is maintained, and funding continues as initially expected. Term appointments may be extended, or may be ended prior to the established end date. When extending appointments, the length of the extension will be clearly specified.

U-M EEO/AA Statement
The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

n/a

