https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c4cf98912d68db58&fccid=291d6c92a895f751&vjs=3

Programmer Analyst III

BlueScope

- Kansas City, MO

Company Description
For over 100 years, BlueScope continues to build on our reputation of quality brands and products, leading technology and a customer-first spirit. Through our global brands, we are one of the largest manufacturers of building solutions in the world. Our diverse, bright and inspired workforce is committed to bettering the communities we serve through breakthrough thinking and innovations. Your goals, ideas and perspective can help shape our future – we look forward to hearing them!

Job Description
The Software Solutions group creates and supports customer facing technology. The department applies best practices and innovative technology to stakeholder and business issues to find solutions that maximize investment value.
We are looking for a .Net developer to build software using languages and technologies of the .NET framework. You will create applications from scratch, configure existing systems and provide user support.
The Programmer Analyst III develops code and provides technical support in adherence to company standards, policies and procedures. The Analyst III applies unique aptitude for a specific applicable technical skill as needed.
Primary Duties & Responsibilities
Develops code consistent with specifications and performs unit testing of such code
Utilizes professional discretion to make technical decisions that guide project, department, or program as needed
Independently utilizes professional discretion to achieve project goals with minimal oversight
Participates in formal unit and or integration testing for deliverables as assigned by management or required by project
Communicates clearly in writing and verbally the specific logic involved in assigned tasks
Proactively researches, learns, and applies new technology and methods to solve assigned tasks
Performs peer code reviews and collaborates with team to improve overall design and code
Participates in requirements analysis
Collaborates with the internal team to produce software design and architecture
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support to internal and external customers
Quality, consistent, readable code that meets business requirements
Code that adheres to company standards which are based on SOLID principles and internally published style guides
Demonstrated ingenuity and flexibility in specific programming specialty and ability to provide guidance to entry level peers based on the subject
Independent accomplishment of small programming projects with minimal oversight from management
Code follows the Test Driven Development Process

Qualifications
Minimum Education & Experience Qualifications
Associates degree or 2 years of additional relevant experience in lieu of degree
Professional Development experience writing new code in applications using .Net, AngularJS, 3js, Python, Unity, PHP, or HTML 5.
Considered an Expert in at least one listed language
Professional experience architecting a Software Application using applicable technologies

Preferred Education & Experience Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Professional certifications commiserate with Job Requirements
5 years of professional development experience
Experience writing software deliverables professionally, from conception to delivery
Agile/Scrum experience
Experience mentoring junior developers

Technical Skills & Competencies
Customer focus
Action oriented
Listening
Career ambition
Learning on the fly
Time management
Problem solving
Technical learning
Functional and technical skills
Written communications

Additional Information
The preceding job responsibilities and tasks were designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates in this job. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all job duties and responsibilities required of associates assigned to this job. Associates may be required to perform other duties as assigned. Additional job competencies, individual goals, and performance measurements are set at the department level.
The benefits are just as rewarding as the work at BlueScope. To support our goal, we offer a total compensation plan and an outstanding benefits package that includes health insurance, life insurance, short and long term disability, paid time off, and retirement.
EEO Employer/M/F/Disabled/Protected Veteran
BlueScope is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status, as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.

n/a

