https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bd2df8dfc6b315d8&fccid=3e84be3af5c255ec&vjs=3

Programmer Analyst

San Diego Association of Governments

- San Diego, CA

Software Development Solutions Program

The Data, Analytics, and Modeling Department provides SANDAG member agencies, elected officials, other organizations, and the public with information and technical resources for regional planning, funding, and policymaking efforts. The department represents a broad range of expertise from land use and transportation modeling, programming and website development,applied social research, public safety, demographics, and economics. The information the department gathers, analyzes,produces, delivers, and maintains is essential to the success of SANDAG.

As part of the Data, Analytics, and Modeling Department, the Software Development Solutions team is tasked with finding innovative and technologically advanced ways to make information about SANDAG programs and services available to a broad range of regional customers through websites such as www.sandag.org, icommutesd.com, and .511sd.com, user-friendly data portals such as datasurfer.sandag.org and rdw.sandag.org and through custom applications specifically commissioned by project partners. The team also supports SANDAG business optimization efforts by developing applications and tools that streamline agency-wide budgeting, data management, financial reporting, and project tracking and reporting initiatives.

Programmer Analyst Role

The Programmer Analyst will use a broad range of computer programming expertise to develop innovative object oriented web-based and desktop solutions that facilitate regional information sharing and enhance workflows for internal and external clients. As the agency continues toward its goal of delivering data products in alternate formats, the ability to develop and implement innovative tools and resources, develop solutions to meet the needs of projects and customers, and participate on inter-departmental and/or cross-functional project teams will be an increasingly important aspect of the position.

Job Responsibilities

This opportunity is ideal for a computer programming professional with a strong interest in furthering their expertise in the development of applications that support regional planning initiatives. We anticipate significant career development will occur while working on the types of duties and responsibilities described below and through mentoring and close collaboration with senior staff. Examples of primary responsibilities include:

Assist with the ongoing development and maintenance of websites, desktop applications, and enterprise databases; review and analyze current applications to identify opportunities for enhancement; research and recommend technologies in support of enhancement initiatives that include the migration of existing desktop applications to cloud-based technologies.
Participate in the design and development of custom programs and applications for a range of information sharing and business optimization purposes; consult with employees and/or project partners to define scope; translate business requirements into technical requirements and produce conceptual application models; prepare time, cost, and schedule estimates for the development and implementation of n-tiered Web applications and related business components.
Participate in the design and development of applications and relational databases; assist with quality assurance/quality control procedures, Section 508 compliance, and application performance testing and monitoring.
Use object oriented programming languages and relational database technologies to streamline workflows and add functionality to new or existing applications.
Prepare and maintain application and database design documentation; provide training to business users, technical staff, and project partners in the use and maintenance of proprietary applications.
Participate on inter-departmental and inter-agency teams assembled for application development projects.
Foster collaborative working relationships with local jurisdictions, Caltrans, and other public agencies; coordinate with federal, state, and local agencies to jointly develop databases, applications, and resources.
Contribute to the development of innovative solutions designed to provide greater access to data for audiences throughout the region; assist with the implementation of new technologies, tools, and products.

Experience and Qualifications

Numerous factors contribute to an individual’s ability to be successful in any given role. For this position, we are searching for a candidate with technical expertise, an aptitude for analytical thinking and innovation, the ability to work collaboratively, and strong communication skills.

The minimum education, training, and experience qualifications include a bachelor’s degree with major course work in software engineering, computer science, information technology, or a related field and one to four years of recent experience creating client/server applications and data-driven websites.

The following information describes the specific types of career experiences that are most relevant to this position.

Demonstrated experience developing, deploying, maintaining, and enhancing client/server applications and data-driven websites in a Microsoft Windows/IIS/Visual Studio/SQL Server environment; ability to design debugging, testing, and performance monitoring routines.
Demonstrated application development experience using Visual Studio and the Microsoft .NET Framework; demonstrated
knowledge and implementation of programming technologies including C#.NET, Entity Framework 6.x, SQL, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery; demonstrated knowledge and understanding of object oriented programming methodologies and best practices; knowledge of VBA for Access, Java, MVC, and Python is desirable.
Knowledge of and experience with standard software engineering methodologies and tools including development of requirements, modeling, code development tools, shared code libraries, debugging and testing methodologies, and documentation.
Knowledge of design principles for relational database structures and models; experience creating SQL queries, stored procedures, and data views; demonstrated ability to work with data from numerous sources.
Demonstrated understanding of multiple computer operating systems including Windows and LINUX/UNIX.
Experience using MS Azure for cloud hosted solutions.
Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work.
Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to identify user needs and effectively communicate technical information to non-technical users.
Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to maintain accurate records and work independently on concurrent projects.
The selected candidate can anticipate a driving record check upon hire, and approximately annually thereafter. The results of the check may determine whether the selected candidate will be permitted to drive for SANDAG business.

Salary and Benefits

SANDAG rewards the efforts of its employees with a comprehensive compensation package. Competitive salaries are supplemented with a flexible offering of health, financial security, and time-off benefits to meet the work and life needs of employees and their families.

These positions will be filled at the Analyst I, II, or Associate level depending on qualifications and experience of the selected candidates. Positions at the Analyst I and II level are considered entry-level with job duties primarily related to learning and supporting core functions of the team. At the Associate level, employees are expected to independently coordinate more complex data analysis and mapping functions.

The annual salary ranges are: Analyst I - $60,889 to $94,377 per year; Analyst II - $67,130 to $104,051 per year; Associate Analyst - $74,011 to $114,716 per year.Our benefits include traditional health, dental, and vision insurance as well as employee assistance, wellness, and work/life balance programs. Retirement and financial security benefits are provided through a pension plan and deferred compensation program. To support the need to rest and rejuvenate, SANDAG offers flexible work schedules and employees are provided with a bank of paid time off in addition to paid holidays.

How to Apply

We encourage all interested candidates to apply for this position by completing a SANDAG Employment Application form. Resumes, cover letters, and work samples may be submitted in addition to the Employment Application but are not a substitute for this document.

The Employment Application can be downloaded in PDF format from the SANDAG website. Alternatively, a copy can be requested by calling (619) 699-1900 or emailing hr@sandag.org. Completed applications and related materials can be submitted via email, fax, regular mail, courier, or delivered by hand. See our Careers / How to Apply webpage for additional information.

This position is Open until Filled. The first review of applications will begin on Friday, August 16, 2019.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), SANDAG will accommodate persons who require assistance in order to apply for a position at SANDAG. Applicants requiring an accommodation due to a disability during any stage of the recruitment and selection process, including requesting this document and related application materials in an alternative format, should make their needs known by contacting Human Resources at (619) 699-1900, (619) 699-1904 (TTY), fax (619) 699-6905, or hr@sandag.org.

Candidate Selection and Notification

Following the first review date for applications, all candidates will receive written confirmation that their application was received. The hiring manager will begin reviewing and evaluating applications within a few days of the close date. The best qualified candidates will be invited to continue in the selection process. All candidates will receive written notification as to the final outcome of their application.

Further Information

The SANDAG website contains a wealth of information about our various project and program areas. The Careers section of the site lists all of our current Job Openings as well as information on how to apply for positions and Frequently Asked Questions about our recruitment process.

In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, applicants hired by SANDAG must show acceptable proof of identity and evidence of authorization to work in the United States.

SANDAG is an Equal Opportunity Employer

n/a

