https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dba864a5b760b6ad&fccid=36cd5e3e70109496&vjs=3

SAS Programmer/Analyst Junior Level

Econometrica

- Bethesda, MD 20814 (Pearl District area)

: SAS Programmer/Analyst Junior Level
Department: Data Analytics Group
Supervision: Division Director
Salary: For Internal use only
About Econometrica, Inc.
We are researchers and experts helping our clients make informed decisions using advanced analytics. We tackle challenges with innovative methods, research tools, and strategy to improve the quality of life. Whether examining policies to provide the best patient care, rebuilding housing communities, or analyzing the merits of space exploration, we apply hard work and dedication to each of our projects.
The Opportunity
Econometrica is looking for a junior-level SAS Programmer to provide statistical programming and analytical support on a range of projects in the healthcare, education, housing, and U.S. Census areas. The candidate will be involved in all aspects of data analysis and quality assurance. He/she will analyze data collection plans and coordinate various data systems; implement data collection, processing, and analysis methods; and provide consultation on design of data processing systems, which includes specifying needed output, required input, and the methods of validation and quality control.
For this position, the candidate will develop and modify SAS code in support of our technical projects. Programming tasks may include the following:
Import, clean, and analyze data.
Develop conditional logic.
Use data steps and PROC SQL to combine and aggregate data.
Modify SAS macros.
Assist with producing reports and deliverable files for clients.
Help identify data quality issues and assist with resolving those issues to ensure data completeness, consistency, and accuracy for the clients’ analytical
Collaborate with research staff to help determine and implement study design and specifications.
Perform quality assurance and participate in code reviews of clients’ deliverables.
Communicate with internal clients to obtain or clarify project requirements and help resolve programming issues.
Create and maintain documentation for generated work
Education & Qualifications
Required Skills and Experience:
1–2 years of experience using SAS to import, analyze, perform quality assurance, and report data.
Ability to write SAS programs using data steps, procedures, and
Knowledge of data merging techniques using SAS data steps and PROC SQL.
Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team setting and to develop effective relationships with clients, consultants, and
Strong oral and written communication
Ability to obtain a security
Desired Skills and Experience:
SAS Base certification.
Experience with Python, Tableau, and Power BI.
Experience with database tools and SQL for data manipulation, aggregation, and
Experience with analyzing healthcare data.
Experience in developing visual dashboards
Experience with working on projects in a consulting
Additional requirements of the position could involve occasional travel relevant to the responsibilities noted above.
Education
Bachelor’s degree in in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, or similar quantitative field. Master’s degree a plus.
Our Generous Benefits Package Includes:
Being a part of a dynamic research group, which continues to grow.
Discount health club membership.
Company-sponsored health care plan and optional vision/dental coverage.
Excellent training and development opportunities.
Discount garage parking.
Referral bonuses.
401(k) Program.
Discount rental car service.
Organized social activities.
Metro Smart Benefits® Program.
Work Environment
The office is located in beautiful downtown Bethesda, MD. We are located at a Metro stop within walking distance of great restaurants and local fare. We have a typical office setting with a quiet-to-moderate noise level.
Physical Requirements
The physical requirements are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Other instructions and related duties may be assigned by the employee’s supervisor.
Econometrica, Inc., is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), and we seek to create an inclusive workplace that embraces diverse backgrounds, life experiences, and perspectives.

n/a

