https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c6814820ea0f4b97&fccid=4a547479cdd859ec&vjs=3

Skilled KC - Software Developer Instructor

Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation

- Kansas City, MO 64110 (Western 49-63 area)

BACKGROUND
Skilled KC:
Our Skilled KC initiative intends to provide a student-centered learning experience to support residents that want to earn a credential that will set them on a successful career trajectory or give them a boost in their current profession to work, live, and earn. In partnership with many organizations, Skilled KC will support closing the gap for people to access valuable credentials to jump start careers and find job placements.
The Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation was established in the mid-1960s by the late entrepreneur and philanthropist Ewing Marion Kauffman. Based in Kansas City, Missouri, the Kauffman Foundation is among the largest foundations in the United States with an asset base of approximately $2 billion.
The Foundation’s vision is to foster "a society of economically independent individuals who are engaged citizens, contributing to the improvement of their communities." In service of this vision, we focus our grant making and operations on two areas—education and entrepreneurship—which our founder, Ewing Kauffman, saw as two ends of a continuum. A quality education is the foundation for self-sufficiency, preparing young people for success in college and in life. Many young adults will work in businesses started by entrepreneurs. Some will become entrepreneurs themselves, providing jobs and wealth for society.
Our mission:
To help individuals attain economic independence by advancing educational achievement and entrepreneurial success, consistent with the aspirations of our founder, Ewing Marion Kauffman.
RESPONSIBILITIES
The Software Developer Instructor teaches in both classroom and laboratory settings using a hands-on approach to demonstrate competencies desired by industry. (Minimum 35 contact hours of teaching per week in addition to at least five office hours per week for student consultation.)
Specific responsibilities include:
Develop and teach courses in software development to prepare students for entry-level positions leading to careers in the software development field.
Develop and teach a full range of classes, including but not limited to the following topics: Java, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, SQL, quality assurance, product design and development.
Maintain a clean and well-organized classroom and lab.
Develop and communicate lab standards for students, support staff, and volunteers who will ensure quality training and education.
Oversee and work with adjunct instructors, SMEs, and staff.
Work with connection coaches to place students in software development employment positions.
Coordinate with business and industry partners.
Participate in articulation of career education activities.
Participate in scheduling of training offerings for program.
Develop and work with advisory members and hold regular meetings.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Education: Bachelor’s or an Associate’s degree in related field.
Work Experience: At least three years direct occupational experience, with recent experience preferred as:
Senior Developer/Programmer
Personal Computer Developer/Programmer
Applications Developer/Programmer
Systems Developer/Programmer
Lead Developer/Programmer
Web Developer/Programmer
Web Programmer
Database Developer/Programmer
Software Developer/Programmer
Software Engineer
Mobile Developer/Programmer
Travel: May require occasional business travel regionally or nationally.
QUALIFICATIONS
Qualified candidates for this position must be highly motivated, capable of self-directed work, detail-oriented and able to work collaboratively across teams and departments. Candidates must exhibit a keen sense of responsibility and enjoy working with multiple demands, shifting priorities and constant change.
A successful candidate profile:
Ability to take initiative as a self-starter who has the persistence and technical competence to get the job done.
Knowledge of and a strong commitment to student learning.
Demonstrated skills in quality development and practices in an software development life cycle.
Working knowledge of curriculum, industry procedures and best practices for the software development life cycle.
Strong ability to stay current with state-of-the-art software development technologies.
Ability to work with subject matter experts (SMEs) adjunct instructors, staff, industry partners and advisory members.
Excellent writing and speaking skills.
Outstanding organizational skills with the ability to effectively manage in a fast-paced environment.
A high level of ethics with a strong sense of integrity and committed to the values of the Foundation, Skilled KC, and maintenance of confidentiality.
Confidence in his/her abilities while approaching work with humility.
Solid interpersonal and leadership skills with the ability to establish and develop credibility quickly at all levels of the organization.
Demonstrated skills at building relationships and leveraging existing relationships to improve outcomes of college initiatives.
Ability to maintain a calm and competent demeanor in uncomfortable or difficult situations.
All of the statements in this position description are intended to describe the general nature of the work being performed, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. This document describes the position currently available. The organization reserves the right to modify job duties or job descriptions at any time.

n/a

