https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1b96d2f8aa0620d4&fccid=9e215d88a6b33622&vjs=3

SQL and Python Data Scientist/Advisory Consultant

Deloitte

- Arlington, VA 22209 (North Rosslyn area)

Are you an analytical, data-driven professional? Are you interested in a role that offers an opportunity to provide front line support to our clients instead of a “back office programmer” position? If so, Deloitte’s Government & Public Services (GPS) Advisory Analytics team is the place for you! Join our team of specialists as they unlock insights contained in the data universe and work through challenges related to the identification of improper payments, data quality, mission-oriented analysis, and cost management.
Work you’ll do
As a Consultant within our Analytics team, you will:
Identify opportunities for efficiencies in work process and innovative approaches to completing scope of work
Participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues
Conduct relevant research, data analysis, and create reports
Maintain responsibility for completion and accuracy of work products
Assist in proposal development, as requested
Actively expand consulting skills and professional development through training courses, mentoring, and daily interaction with clients
Lead the development of rules, machine learning models, tools, and dashboards

The Team
Transparency, innovation, collaboration, sustainability: these are the hallmark issues shaping government initiatives today. Deloitte’s GPS practice is passionate about making an impact with lasting change. Carrying out missions in the GPS practice requires fresh thinking and a creative approach. We collaborate with teams from across our organization in order to bring the full breadth of Deloitte, its commercial and public sector expertise, to best support our clients. Our aspiration is to be the premier integrated solutions provider in helping to transform the GPS marketplace.

Advisory Analytics mitigates current and future risk for our GPS clients across several industries, spanning from finance and audit readiness to forensics and healthcare. With a creative and innovative approach, our Analytics team exposes our clients’ risks and provides recommendations to improve the quality of data. We collaborate closely with government agencies, accountants, IT professionals, and clients to produce analyses in support of risk consulting engagements.
Qualifications

Required:
Ability to maintain the required clearance for this role
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business Analytics disciplines, or related area
3+ year(s) of experience with data quality analysis, statistical analysis and/or modeling, financial or cost analysis, internal controls, and/or external/internal financial audit
Experience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in one or more of the following: SAS, SQL, SPSS, R, Python, ACP, IDEA Tableau, MATLAB, Visual Basic, Business Intelligence, Hadoop or Alteryx
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation creation tools, as well as Internet research tools
Experience with Machine Learning

Preferred:
Previous Federal Consulting and/or professional services experience
Analytical ability to delve into detail while maintaining a broader business perspective on issues
Certified in SAS, ACL, CPA, CISA, CISSP, PMP, FRM, ASA, and/or CFA

How you’ll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte’s culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

n/a

