https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2f2fb2f0b37a6db8&fccid=2416f10e30e6f451&vjs=3

Associate Chemical Engineer - R&D

Edgewell Personal Care Brands

- Dover, DE

Edgewell Personal Care is a leading manufacturer and worldwide distributor of over 20 well-known brands of consumer personal care products. We are 6000 colleagues strong with a presence in over 50 countries.

Edgewell's brands include shaving products such as Schick and Wilkinson Sword razors and blades, shaving gels including Edge and Skintimate, Banana Boat and Hawaiian Tropic sun screens, Feminine Care products, including Playtex and o.b. tampons, and Stay free and Care free pads and liners, and Wet Ones wipes.

Our latest additions to the Edgewell family of personal care brands include two full product lines of skin care and grooming products for men: Bull Dog and Jack Black.

Position Summary

The Associate Chemical Engineer role supports business needs as outlined by the Manager, R&D. You will develop the research investigation plan and conduct research, with support of your direct supervisor, related to projects and project teams. Conduct In-depth analyses and integration of data derived from single or multiple tests to present a comprehensive picture and recommended actions. Assist in the development and implementation of new methods to address specific product, process, and consumer issues.

Universal Accountabilities

The essential accountability of this position is to develop the skills to design, execute and interpret product and consumer research investigation in support of business needs and objectives. This colleague is accountable for:

Learn to design and execute assigned research investigations consistent with sound, robust scientific investigations that meet international standards and are defensible in front of the scientific community.

Demonstrate solid, scientific-based understanding of the principles of concentrated area of science and consumer research.

To work to become proficient, with the assistance of their supervisor, in designing a robust research study that is objective driven and meets the needs of the project team.

Presentation of all information in a manner that is coherent and accurately reflects the results obtained in the research investigation.

“Up-to-date” knowledge and application of statistical analysis procedures for the investigation of product/process/consumer data.

Basic functional understanding of technical tools that support testing (automated data collection systems, statistical software, Microsoft Office, etc.).

Demonstrate the ability to take initiative, think and work independently, problem-solve, work in teams and multitask; a solution orientated professional.

Maintains and expands “knowledge base” required within the area of work.

Participates in cross functional and project teams, as assigned by their supervisor, by providing technical understanding of core area of expertise.

Conducting all activities consistent with company and departmental policies and procedures.

Good documentation practices of any records and data

Specific Accountabilities

Dover, DE
This role focuses on product/project execution, cost savings development and operational support.
Key customers/interfaces

Procurement
Engineering
Project Management
Operations
Product Development
Regulatory / Safety
Product Research and Insights

Management of key external development relationships

Manage projects to planned/approved budget

Additional duties may also be performed as assigned

Required Skills and Experience

Formal education and experience in Science based field:
Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in Science or Engineering, preferably in Chemical Engineering.

Demonstrated skills to include:
Basic understanding of product/process/consumer based research as a scientific discipline;

Basic understanding of how to coordinate projects including the design, execution, analysis and reporting.

Basic proficiency in applying methodologies including quantitative and qualitative testing, statistics, and design of experiments to answer objectives.

Ability to function as a collaborating team member in a business environment to support area of discipline on cross-function teams.

Ability to take initiative, think and work independently, problem-solve, work in teams

A solution orientated professional with the ability to execute multiple tasks required to meet project objectives

Communicates effectively intra and interdepartmentally to meet project objectives

Preferred Skills and Experience

Relevant internship and/or Co-op programs

Edgewell is an equal opportunity employer, and we prohibit discrimination based on age, color, disability, marital or parental status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

#LI-DF1

n/a

