https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=79ebd2cb5b81ba80&fccid=5d5a6da16805aead&vjs=3

Entry Level - Refining Chemical Engineer (2020)

Marathon Petroleum Corporation

- United States

Location Name: Various, Various
Job/Requisition ID: [[id]]
Location Address: Various, Various, Various, United States (US), Various
Education Level: Bachelor's Required
Relevant Experience Level: Entry Level (1-3 Years)
Employee Group: Regular - Full Time
Employee Subgroup: Salaried Exempt

This Job Posting is for future job openings.

Overview:
Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC) offers challenging opportunities and meaningful hands-on experiences for those who want professional growth. The following core values guide MPC’s approach to doing business: health and safety; environmental stewardship; integrity; corporate citizenship; and diversity and inclusion. Employees at MPC are contributing members of diverse work teams who create value for the company’s shareholders. MPC believes that how we conduct our business is just as important as the bottom line.

For a complete description of the benefits that we offer, please visit: www.mympcbenefits.com

Responsibilities:
Process Engineers provide technical support for the plant operations. They will be assigned a specific unit or units within the Refinery with responsibilities of daily monitoring and troubleshooting of their areas, process optimization, design and development of capital projects as well as major modifications to existing units. Process Engineers will apply state-of-the-art technology with regard to process simulation and optimization. They will recommend programs and procedures to increase the economic efficiency of refining operations. Process Control Engineers provide technical support for the refinery's sophisticated Distributed Control System. They work in a team environment with line operators and engineers to maintain and troubleshoot control system problems as well as develop advanced control applications for the process units. Advanced control applications can range from product blending to dynamic matrix controls and rule based systems. Process Control Engineers must also track emerging technology to help determine future control strategies and investments.

Qualifications:
Required Major: Chemical Engineering
Education Level: Bachelor’s degree
Minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA required
Candidates must be authorized to work in the US on a full-time indefinite basis without the need for employment visa sponsorship now or in the future.
A valid driver’s license is required
Military experience a plus

We hire for the following locations:
Alaska, California, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Texas, Utah, and Washington State


About Marathon Petroleum Corporation

Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.

Travel Expected: Up to 10%

Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability
Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.

n/a

