Graduate Process Engineer

Phillips 66

- Lincolnshire, IL

Phillips 66 & YOU- Together we can fuel the future

Description

Our graduate development programme has been designed to specifically support new Graduates during the early stages of their career. Not only will the programme equip graduates with a greater understanding of the global business operations but will also provide the personal development training essential within a business environment. The programme will provide exposure to key business leaders, allow you to meet recent graduate entrants and provide you with a network of individuals from whom you can seek advice.

Our roles offer the opportunity to develop knowledge and experience and work on real issues. Our graduates will be challenged and stretched, but also be supported and trusted every step of the way, whilst gaining the relevant experience for chartered engineer status.

Start date will be in September 2020

Responsibilities May Include

The Graduate Chemical Engineer may be responsible for:
Providing technical support to refinery operations

Performing process design work on minor or intermediate size projects

Monitoring and evaluating equipment performance

Troubleshooting equipment problems

Generating ideas and seeking out opportunities for unit optimisation

Developing cost estimates, specifying required equipment

Reviewing process designs to ensure adequacy and code compliance and agreement with company standards

Planning for maintenance shutdowns

Position Requirements

What are we looking for?

Passion and understanding for working in a fast-paced environment, with the ability to work with different stakeholders.

The ability to manage conflicting priorities

Drive and determination to achieve Chartered status

Excellent communication and relationship building skills, with the confidence to work on your own initiative or as part of a multidisciplinary team

Ability to apply your technical knowledge to analyse problems and create innovative solutions

Required Qualifications/Skills

The legal right to live and work in the UK on a permanent basis without restrictions

A 1 st Class degree in a Chemical Engineering discipline

Relevant work experience gained via an industrial placement

Proficient knowledge and experience of MS applications

Preferred

Work experience gained via an industrial placement in the oil and gas or petrochemical industry would be an advantage but is not mandatory.

The Humber Refinery is located on the east coast of England in North Lincolnshire, United Kingdom, approximately 180 miles north of London. Humber's facilities include crude distilling, naphtha reforming, fluid catalytic cracking, hydrodesulfurization, thermal cracking and delayed coking units. The refinery has two coking units with associated calcining plants, which produce high-value graphite and anode petroleum cokes. It processes crude oil supplied primarily from the North Sea and includes light, low- and medium-sulfur and acidic crude oil. Humber produces a high percentage of transportation fuels. It is the only coking refinery in the United Kingdom, and a major producer of specialty graphite cokes and anode coke. Approximately 70 percent of the light oils produced by the refinery are distributed to customers in the United Kingdom by pipeline, rail car and truck, while the other products are exported to the rest of Europe, West Africa and the United States.

Company Overview :
Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company’s master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,300 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $58 billion of assets as of March 31, 2019. For more information, visit http://www.phillips66.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Phillips66Co .

To be considered:
In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of Sunday 17th November 2019 .

Phillips 66 is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Requisition ID: 51714

Location: GBR - Northeast Lincolnshire - South Killingholme

Job Field: Engineering

n/a

