Lead Process Engineer

Kimberly-Clark Corporation

- Marinette, WI 54143

Lead Process Engineer
Job Description
POSITION PURPOSE:
Provide and optimize manufacturing options for new and improved products and product components. Activities include investigating and evaluating equipment options, understanding process capability to deliver product features, and optimizing process efficiency and cost. This discipline provides an overall understanding of total process capability to produce products to specification and cost targets.
KEY CUSTOMERS:
Management, Project Leaders, Engineering, Research, Operations, Maintenance, Consumers
CUSTOMER EXPECTATIONS:
Technical guidance on resolution of process and equipment problems.
Technical specialist.
Initiate, design and develop, and optimize manufacturing and supporting processes.
Implement projects and programs.
Carry out all work safely and efficiently, consistent with Quality.
Ensure work is documented and is retrievable.
SCOPE:
Incumbent typically reports to an Engineering Manager, Research or Operations Manager, or Unit Team Leader. Receives direction in the form of broadly defined objectives. Responsibilities include meeting team objectives and effective use of resources. Incumbent is recognized for technical knowledge in at least one area of technology, and demonstrates both personal and organizational sensitivity.
DIMENSIONS:
Vary widely with assignment and typically include:
Project responsibility of $.5 MM to $5 MM
Project team of 2 to 10 people
Single or multiple projects
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Safety: Support implementation of the loss control improvement process by compliance with critical safety rules. Visibly demonstrate that safety is a value by following safety procedures, maintaining a safe workplace and complying with safety rules. Develop equipment, processes and products that meet safety codes, policy and guidelines. Actively participate in achieving organization and personal safety objectives. Follow the Safety Roles & Responsibilities Matrix by holding yourself and all team members accountable to its tenets. Provide for the safety and well being of operators, maintenance and other personnel.
Design and Development: Provide guidance in the initiation, design, optimization and development of manufacturing and supporting processes to achieve unit objectives.
Technical Knowledge: Develop knowledge and skills to be recognized for expertise and guidance in application of engineering principles and/or scientific analysis.
Security and Documentation: Provide guidance in security and documentation to ensure the retrieval of data and protection of proprietary information.
Problem Solving: Seek, recognize, define and solve problems/opportunities to achieve unit objectives.
Internal Control: Lead assigned projects/tasks to meet unit objectives within applicable Corporate policies. place emphasis on CFI and Internal Control.
Communications: Communicate fully with superiors, subordinates and others who have need to know. Be informative without being obtrusive or vexatious. Communicate in a way that is timely, yet prompt; complete, yet concise; candid, yet accurate; and clear, yet responsive.
Human Resources Development: Assist in the development of others in the area of incumbent's expertise, while demonstrating an understanding of those with a diverse background or experience.
Quality: Observe all applicable quality procedures and regulations. Perform tasks utilizing Good Manufacturing Practices. Demonstrate an understanding of the Quality Policy and how it affects your job. Improve process capability to deliver a reduction in defects and variability. Identify, develop, and implement products, processes, materials, systems, and procedures to achieve business objectives.
Diversity: Contribute to an environment in which all team members are respected regardless of their individual differences and are motivated to improve both their individual and team contributions to achieve desired business results.
Qualifications:
Candidates must possess a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or Manufacturing; or relevant scientific discipline from an accredited college or university and 3-5 years experience in a variety of technical or operational assignments.
Exposure to industrial or high speed manufacturing environment.
Experience/exposure to manufacturing analysis tools, such as: Statistical process control, design of experiments, process capability studies
Experience/exposure to Quality management systems (product/raw material specifications) and Lean Manufacturing.
Experience with process and equipment.
Kimberly-Clark and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people - nearly a quarter of the world's population - trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene, and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No.1 or No. 2 share positions in more than 80 countries. With more than 140 years of history of innovation, we believe in recruiting the best people and empowering them do their best work. If fresh thinking and a passion to win inspire you, come Unleash Your Power at Kimberly-Clark.
Kimberly-Clark is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position.
This position may require a post-offer/pre-hire Physical Abilities Test (PAT) to confirm that individuals are able to perform the essential functions of the job.
K-C requires that an employee have authorization to work in the country in which the role is based. In the event an applicant does not have current work authorization, K-C will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to sponsor an individual for work authorization. However, based on immigration requirements, not all roles are suitable for sponsorship. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing.
Global VISA and Relocation Specifications:
Primary Location
USA-WI-Marinette
Additional Locations
Worker Type
Employee
Worker Sub-Type
Regular
Time Type
Full time

n/a

