NEW Process Engineer

Woodbridge

- Chattanooga, TN 37406

Full Time or Part Time: Full Time


Woodbridge is a privately-owned company offering innovative material technologies for applications in automotive, commercial, recreational, packaging, healthcare and building products. In addition to manufacturing operations, the company also offers a full array of services including: chemical research and development, product and process engineering, tooling, technical support and accredited laboratory testing. Woodbridge operates more than 60 facilities across 10 countries—employing over 7,500 teammates and serving more than 600 customers worldwide.
Role Purpose:
Provide technical support to manufacturing locations through process related problem solving, process improvements and cost reduction programs, and the development and implementation of improved formulations, methods, equipment and associated technology, new product launches and new plant startups. Support, coordinate and assist in sampling activities. Prepare and analyze technical reports.
Responsibilities:
Develop formulations and pour patterns to meet production specifications.
Responsible for the daily process operations.
Equipment selection and optimization.
Liaison with maintenance to solve process equipment problems.
Liaison with production to address production concerns.
Plan and execute process improvement experiments.
Optimize raw material usage and minimize waste.
Participate in health & safety and quality audit process.
Write and update SOPS, SOTS, procedures, etc.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering
One to two years experience in an engineering role.
Strong mechanical aptitude
Good verbal and interpersonal skills
Knowledge of SPC and automotive quality standards, statistical experiments, ladder logic, metering pumps, drives, sensors and transducers, control theory, hydraulics, pneumatic are assets.
Required to work various shifts.
Computer skills, such as AutoCAD, Windows, spreadsheets, databases and word processing software
Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing, Continuous Improvement, 5S, and Kaizen is a plus.
Must Have Skills
Experience with polyurethane, plastics, foaming, or chemicals?

n/a

