NRRI Researcher 1: Process Engineer

University of Minnesota

- Duluth, MN

Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in chemical, metallurgical, mechanical or other process engineering disciplines
Experienced with Excel spread sheet development and utilization.
Prior experience with various analytical tools required to assess process operations
Physical Requirements include:
Ability to stand/walk 4 hours per day
Ability to occasionally lift up to 70 pounds unassisted
Must be able to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) including dust mask, gloves, eye and ear protection and respirator for approximately 30-50% time
Preferred Qualifications
Familiar with thermal gravimetric analysis (TGA).
Familiar with 5S and Six Sigma quality control systems and processes.
Familiar with the preparation of work instruction documents.
Familiar with ultimate and proximate fuels analysis of solid biofuels.
Prior experience using small pressure reactors and thermal processing devices
This position is an entry level scientific position for a graduate engineer with a preferred degree in chemical, metallurgical, mechanical or other process engineering disciplines. The position will involve bench-scale to demonstration-scale test work. This position will collaborate with team members at NRRI’s Duluth and Coleraine locations. The successful candidate will be able to routinely assess process efficiencies for processing various raw materials to improved products that allow more efficient use of the parent materials in subsequent processing operations. He/she will also develop process assessments in terms of mass and energy efficiency.


Continuous employments are contingent on satisfactory performance and the availability of funding.

Process Engineer Expected Duties and Attributes

1. Conducts experiments with thermal processing and hydrothermal carbonization bench equipment.
2. Establishes and defines mass and energy balances across thermal processing and hydrothermal carbonization reaction and systems.
3. Prepares flow sheets detailing unit operations spanning from simple screening and grinding circuits to integrated drying and thermal treatment systems.
4. Prepares engineering reports detailing the operational and safety aspects of laboratory scale pulverizers, hammermills, wood roasters, pellet mills, spheronizers and extruders.
5. Conducts lab-scale densification trials and experiments where torrefied mixtures and binders and compacted under the influence of specified heat, pressure and reaction time.
6. Operates compaction equipment to generate testable quantities of briquettes and pellets.
7. Tests briquettes and pellets for moisture uptake and durability performance and physical properties.
8. Plots and prepares data in Excel format.
9. Routinely collaborates with Institute personnel to conduct defined research on a team basis both in Duluth and Coleraine facilities.
The Natural Resources Research Institute (NRRI) has facilities in Duluth and Coleraine, MN. Its mission is to deliver research solutions to balance our economy, resources and environment for resilient communities. NRRI’s integrated and multi-disciplinary teams conduct applied research, technology development and environmental studies in the areas of:
Water Resources
Forest & Land
Minerals & Metallurgy
Materials & Bioeconomy
Energy Management
Business Support
Applications must be submitted online. To apply for this position, go to http://www1.umn.edu/ohr/employment/ and search for job opening 334017 . Complete applications must include:
A cover letter expressing interest, availability, experience, and strengths as they relate to the position
A current resume/curriculum vitae
Contact information for three professional references
The cover letter and CV/resume will be attached during the application process. First submit the application and then return to the “My Activities” page to attach the additional documents.
Please send any inquiries to Jane Dzuck, jtdzuck@d.umn.edu.
To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (3316).
Please Note: If you have started receiving retirement annuity payments from the Minnesota State Retirement System (MSRS) or Public Employees Retirement Association (PERA) your eligibility for this position may be impacted. Please contact U of M Benefits at 1-800-756-2363 for any eligibility limitations.
The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds.
The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu.
The University of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity Educator and Employer.
Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment.

n/a

