Process Engineer I

Par Pharmaceutical an Endo International Company

- Rochester, MI

Process Engineer I, Pharmaceutical Technology, Michigan-Rochester

About Endo International plc
Endo International plc (NASDAQ: ENDP) is a highly focused generics and specialty branded pharmaceutical company delivering quality medicines to patients in need through excellence in development, manufacturing and commercialization. Endo has global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, and U.S. headquarters in Malvern, PA, employing approximately 3,000 people worldwide. For 2018 Endo, reported revenue of $2.947B and adjusted diluted EPS of $2.89. Learn more at www.endo.com.

POSITION SUMMARY:
The Process Engineer I, with guidance, performs various duties related to optimization and analysis of production processes, new products, processes and technology transfers. Prepare and execute engineering study protocols, manufacturing and packaging experimental / feasibility study / validation batch records and protocols and complete interim and / or final summary reports for marketed and new products. Perform or assist on-site and site-change technical transfer, scale-up or scale-down factor evaluation, manufacturing / packaging process and equipment troubleshooting, and SOP preparation and review.
Process Engineering duties within a single location.
Make decisions within guidelines and policies.
Follow established procedures to perform assignments, with general instructions on the process and desired outcome.
Work is reviewed for soundness of technical judgment and accuracy.
Work is measured by output, meeting and achieving pre-defined monthly/quarterly targets.

ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Validation Protocols
Prepare and execute engineering study protocols, manufacturing and packaging experimental / feasibility study / validation batch records and protocols and complete interim and / or final summary reports for marketed and new products.
Coordinate with Facilities, Engineering, Manufacturing, Packaging, Product Development, Analytical Services, RA, and QA to initiate manufacturing and packaging experimental / feasibility study / validation projects for marketed and new products.
Technical Transfer
Perform or assist on-site and site-change technical transfer, scale-up or scale-down factor evaluation, manufacturing / packaging process and equipment troubleshooting, and SOP preparation and review.
Formulation Development
Conduct or assist formulation development and evaluation for marketed and new products.
Troubleshooting
Troubleshoot the setup and operation of manufacturing/packaging equipment and the process of new R&D projects.
Conduct or support investigations on deviations.
Evaluate and troubleshoot basic to mid-level manufacturing / packaging equipment and process issues.
Work on problems of basic to moderate scope. Follow established practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained.
Training
Conduct training to related department personnel on all technical and project-related documents, such as batch records, protocols, and SOP etc.
Teamwork
Interact daily with team members and/or functional peer groups, other teams/depts.
May conduct presentations of technical information.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education & Experience
BS degree in Engineering or Chemical Engineering preferred with 3+ years’ related experience OR
MS with 1+ year of relevant experience as noted above.
Knowledge
Working knowledgeable of Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), FDA, OSHA, EPA, DEA; other regulatory requirements.
Working knowledge of Pharmaceutical manufacturing principles, practices and applications.
Analytical test methodology (BU, Assay, CU and dissolution profile, etc.).
Understanding of concepts of equipment qualification/calibration.
Understanding of computer validation concepts.
Basic/Intermediate statistical computations (Cp, Cpk, regression analysis, etc.); use of statistical software.
Personal computer operations and MS applications (Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project).
Develops knowledge of principles and concepts of other disciplines.
Understands the fundamental business drivers for the company.
Skills & Abilities
Is able to write clearly and succinctly for the technical community and can construct logical arguments well.
Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully; Develops alternative solutions; Works well in group problem solving situations; Uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics.
Technical Skills - Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; Pursues training and development opportunities; Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; Shares expertise with others.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information.
Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed.
Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; Completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values; Benefits organization through outside activities; Supports affirmative action and respects diversity.
Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently; Plans for additional resources; Sets goals and objectives; Organizes or schedules other people and their tasks; Develops realistic action plans.
Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Employee is occasionally required to climb or balance; must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
Employee is frequently exposed to moving mechanical parts, and occasionally exposed to outside weather conditions and risk of electrical shock.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Afternoon shift premium is 10% (non-union positions only)
Midnight shift premium is 15% (non-union positions only)

Endo recognizes the advantages of a diverse workforce achieved through a commitment to equal employment opportunities.
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled

LI-ENDP

n/a

