https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C765vAbjnS6H1wql5FZe3Fqxqx3c9peyE5ngJeMspQUi4SneNMcxt-bxYCJgUM5q7OBD35rQDvPO1ypd-cIPBciGWk790l6rKBeQ2kYBtFtNQHz2EP-_CdVZPsOWo-T81Ksg5WcbWMebdrICgpmrkQbGKxyur8qu2hR5dhzcxdVWPOm9XNIlHWsSmr55nuAD1uUyVwgsneXbLPaAfWycteiDXSEqbMUNMtuuRDVbxZVtzW3eXdzEoV2e9-k_gyw_c9WMpnkB0dZJENE6oBzxcfqG1toijEqLNVk7hpcW5eO5PUQuXUh3jksZHqTO2BAOltAyWx_nakWliXgOUGIPvmS9OkTtgEQkCRC8N0mhfy0jSDqQH36mN9vVyUld8dpHxd8daL0W3cRCTNXXAvCpmgiqn9c6n1N4_8jjKBKsBIzhvkUouE7VRBN7dTZ9zNdzTNQeu05UKTmfdGCGDDZPim8NabalcB4UG4kIeFFvZ7xhU40RdxD9fLfPqqSOperpXx2OAp7q4avAu919JvaSwRR8dPQl2POfHGCYDU2fmnLOq-Rfn7xnkQ&p=6&fvj=0&vjs=3&tk=1e1knkq58p7gv800&jsa=4792&oc=1&sal=0

Process Engineer - Sparta, TN

BASF Corporation

- Sparta, TN 38583

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Description
At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development. And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Employers in 2019. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future! Process Engineer (2000057) – Sparta, TN Where the Chemistry Happens Manufacturing at BASF consists of a diverse group of employees, including engineers, operators, technicians, chemists, craftsmen, logistics professionals, and support services who work collaboratively to drive product creation and implementation. From process analysis and optimization, to product production and material movements, plant design, plant construction, and the commissioning of major production facilities, Manufacturing at BASF calls for specialists with exceptional technical, mathematical, and scientific knowledge. Efficiency, excellence, and safety of our manufacturing operations ultimately ensures that BASF products meet the needs of its customers. We are seeking a professional like you to join our team. In this role, you will provide technical support to the Sparta, TN Production Department, working in conjunction with production management for the creation of and implementation of process improvement in plant reliability, and efficiency. You will also provide technical assistance in digital control system troubleshooting, procedure development and operator training. Although not required, this is an excellent opportunity for you to apply Six Sigma Green Belt or Black Belt training and certification. You will also be expected to listen, communicate, and act as a liaison between different departments, challenge the status quo, and foster innovation. This role will require you to work off hours at times based on production schedules, etc.

Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent
Formula for Success Leveraging your education in Chemical, Mechanical, or Polymer Engineering and your experience in Manufacturing Engineering or similar function, you will maximize overall efficiencies for the compounding operation including compounding rates, quality and safety improvements, machine efficiencies, yield increase, optimizing processes (both mechanical and manual), and production process improvements and simplification, communicating and transposing these successes to other site operations and manufacturing processes. Demonstrating your strong problem-solving skills, you will troubleshoot process control problems, identify causes and make recommendations for improvements and/or implement improvements, conduct daily process and quality troubleshooting and for process assistance needed with the transfer of new products. As a subject matter expert and effective leader, you will provide direction and support to Engineering Technicians. Your keen attention to detail will serve you well as you maintain accuracy of process sheets/running conditions. Applying your solid understanding and utilization of SPC principles and practices, you will provide continuous improvement and ensure alignment with other engineering disciplines. Your ability to develop or currently possessing knowledge of Root Cause Failure Analysis will be key as you take Root Cause Corrective Action of customer/quality complaints. Utilizing any plastics compounding experience you may have, you will evaluate new developments in advanced process control technology. Your strong analytical skills will be essential as you conduct process optimization studies to recommend procedural, product recipe or equipment changes needed to improve the process. You will also use these skills to develop and track key metrics as needed for area performance relating Asset Effectiveness, Cycle time, Downtime, and utilizing this data to target the most effective improvement opportunities. Successfully working in a team environment, you will provide operations support to the project-engineering department (manufacturing representative) for new projects in the form of scope definition, data collection, procedural changes, trials, training and start up assistance. Additionally, you will serve on the emergency response team. Your commitment to workplace safety will be evident as you support site safety and housekeeping processes. Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry. The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career. BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.

n/a

