Project Engineer - Battery Cell Fabrication

General Motors

- Warren, MI

About GM

We’re dedicated to achieving our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion. We are looking for people who are passionate about helping us create safer, better and more sustainable solutions for personal mobility. Our bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.

Why Work for Us

Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.

What You Will Do

In this role, you will be responsible for the operation of R&D battery cell fabrication line including the generation of slurries, operation of coating equipment, and final cell assembly. Use of creativity, experimental and analytical ability in carrying out project assignments is highly encouraged! Exercising technical direction over research support personnel and/or have work direction responsibilities over a group with specific engineering objectives is also essential. You'll have regular consultation with managers and principle investigators as required by assignment.

In addition, you will also be involved in the following:

Follows all corporate safety standards and site safety policies, e.g. g-Risk, g-Comply, PTP, Lockout, chemical management, etc.
Work closely with multi-disciplined teams to understand functional requirements and implement appropriate solutions
Generates technical solutions for current, new and major projects
Preparation of aqueous and non-aqueous slurries within specified compositions and viscosities
Coating of metal foils via slot die, doctor blade and back coating techniques.
Cell assembly including tab welding, cell sealing, cell degassing and resealing
Battery cycler operation including cell conditioning and formation steps
Implements engineering changes
Establish course of action, timelines and landmarks for projects/assignments
Write test procedures and use appropriate techniques to confirm physical data gathered from testing
Dedicated to meeting the customer (internal & external) expectations and requirements
Effectively deals with ambiguity and effectively copes with change
Working independently and effectively with others
Can quickly find common ground with peers and problem solve for the good of the project
High level of oral and written communication skills to communicate complex material before, during and after projects are initiated to internal and external customers
Stays abreast of new technologies and competitive products
Actively identifies new areas for learning and takes advantage of |earning opportunities
Focus on continuous improvement on engineering projects and work processes
What You Need

B.S. in chemistry or chemical engineering
Ability to work in an export controlled environment
Detailed understanding of engineering theory and principles of operation for chemical and material systems
Proven analytical ability to problem solve in an environment where problems are unusual and difficult
1-3 years of experience in cell assembly or chemical pilot plant
Knowledge of coin cell fabrication
Experience preparing aqueous and non-aqueous slurries within specified compositions and viscosities
Experience coating metal foils via slot die, doctor blade and back coating techniques.
Cell assembly experience including tab cell sealing, welding, cell degassing and resealing
Familiar with battery cycler operation
Ability to travel periodically for training and on-site technology transfer

What Would Be Even Better

M.S. in chemical engineering
3+ years of relevant work/plant experience in cell assembly and/or chemical pilot plant
Extensive experience in cell assembly, preparation of slurries, and metal foil coating
Demonstrated battery cycler operation experience
Experience in Project Management
DFSS Certification

n/a

