Quality Engineer

TECT Power

- Thomasville, GA 31792

POSITION SUMMARY: Assists in establishing, controlling and maintaining a system of quality assurance which will ensure the manufacture of products which conform to all customer dimensional and metallurgical requirements.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Responsibilities will include but not be limited to the following:

Review and assure compliance with customer blueprints, specifications and other technical documents.
Prepare procedures for performing and controlling all special processes such as heat treat, chemical processing, coating, cleaning, peening as required by customer specifications.
Review operational routings to assure compliance to all customer requirements.
Assists manufacturing in performing studies to establish the effectiveness of gaging and to determine process capability and control
Conduct or have conducted metallurgical evaluations and prepare reports on raw material and product to assist in problem solving or obtaining process approvals.
Perform and/or monitor testing as required to assure all processes remain in control and products conform to all customer requirements.
Operate and maintain systems which assure raw materials and products are tested and certified as conforming to all customer requirements.
Compile information, coordinate testing, and issue reports to obtain customer approval (ESA) for manufacturing processes.
Provide purchasing with necessary information to assure materials are ordered in conformance with all applicable specifications.
Maintain records associated with raw materials and product certification and testing.
Perform internal and external audits as required to assure compliance with customer and TECT requirements.
Provide advice and counsel to other departments in regard to dimensional, metallurgical, material, heating and other technical subjects.
Track the generation, storage and disposal of hazardous waste as required by all regulatory agencies.
Track the use of hazardous materials in the plant in order to be able to generate periodic reports required by the EPA and TECT
Work as required with customer or supplier representatives to assure all quality requirements are satisfied
Act to assure that all aspects of TECT Quality Manual and Quality Procedures will be fulfilled.
Analyze & interpret the data on the customer blueprints to determine the best way to proceed to reach the desired outcomes. Use your discretion and judgment how to receive the optimal results that the customer is looking for in our manufacturing and/or inspection of their parts.

SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Ability to understand and follow TECT’s quality system requirements
Quality Engineer

SKILLS AND ABILITIES (continued):

Ability to meet TECT job requirements and customer requirements
Strong knowledge of all the aspects of production and operations
Detail oriented
Computer Skills: Microsoft Office, Vantage
Excellent communication skills in English, both written and verbal
Good organization skills
Work and communicate effectively with all levels of the organization, customers and suppliers.

EDUCATION: A Bachelor Degree in an Engineering discipline – Mechanical, Industrial, or Aerospace is required from an accredited college or university. A minimum of one to three years related experience is required.

Adhere to defense industry’s initiatives on business ethics and conduct with respect to fraud, waste, and abuse. Meet compliance requirements of TECT Business Conduct Guidelines as applicable to this position.

n/a

