Supplier Quality Engineer

PeroxyChem LLC

- Remote

Job Description
Position Title: Supplier Quality Engineer
Location: Bayport, TX
Reports to: Electronics Global Quality and Technical Manager
About PeroxyChem
PeroxyChem is a global leader in per oxygen and adjacent chemistries. The company employs almost 600 people throughout the world, with facilities in North America, Europe and Asia. With an unyielding commitment to safety at its core and backed by an exceptional team, the company prides itself on exemplary customer service, product quality, reliability and technical service. PeroxyChem manufactures high quality products and innovative applications developed as a result of innovation and superior technical expertise. We supply customized chemistries for electronics, energy, environmental, food safety, pulp, paper, polymer, and other industrial and consumer markets. Learn more at www.peroxychem.com.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, EEO, AAE, MFDV and supports a drug free workplace.
Job Overview
The Supplier Quality Engineer will be responsible for raw material management and will work with the Electronics Business Unit, Quality and Operations to set and drive supplier quality improvement strategies. The SQE will investigate, analyze and resolve supplier and product quality problems by conducting audits, analyzing defect trends, managing inventory, performing technical problem solving, and leading supplier continuous improvement projects.
Requirements & Qualifications
Bachelor degree required preferably in Quality, Chemistry or Engineering discipline.
Must have a minimum of 3 plus years of experience in a quality engineering function (semiconductor industry preferred).
Broad knowledge of theory and principles of statistics and statistical process control.
Must have the ability to communicate effectively (verbal/written/presentations) at all levels.
A good working knowledge of statistics and applicable quality methodologies is required (e.g., Six Sigma, SPC, FMEA, 8D, root cause analysis, etc.).
Must have excellent computer skills (PowerPoint, Excel and statistical software tools).
Working knowledge of MiniTab or JMP statistical software is especially desirable; SAP knowledge helpful.
Experience with quality systems, including auditing.
Visits to other manufacturing sites, supplier and customer sites (including occasional overseas travel).
Key Competencies
Safety conscious
Detail oriented
Ability to plan and prioritize effectively
Robust analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting ability
Effective listening and information sharing
Team oriented
Quality and timely decision making
Integrity and trust
Comprehensive Job Description
Duties & Responsibilities
Lead the efforts to generate a robust supplier Quality Management System for the Electronics and related operational segments.
Ownership in resolving all quality issues associated with the assigned suppliers and as needed support the plant in resolving other supplier quality issues. Ensure all assigned supplier related material quality issues are effectively communicated to key stakeholders.
Coordinate the communication with suppliers to develop supplier conformity to ISO 9001 requirements and any new emerging Quality Management Systems applicable to PeroxyChem’s manufacturing sites.
Support, develop and execute an annual supplier audit schedule to ensure suppliers have robust quality systems, compliant to all applicable standards. Audits will also be conducted on suppliers with poor delivery and / or quality performance, new potential suppliers, and suppliers that are not certified to ISO 9001 standards.
Issue and review audit reports and corrective actions as required. Ensure supplier performance is regularly reported. Coordinate and conduct follow up audits and reviews, maintain all audits and corrective actions taken in the appropriate electronic filing system.
Work with suppliers to develop robust supplier root cause analysis, corrective action plans, containment plans and execution of on-time implementation of planned activities to ensure continuity of supply.
Monitor and approve (via MOC process) all Supplier Change Notifications.
Lead the supplier approval process by working closely with the Process Technology Group and manufacturing sites for assessment of manufacturing/technology capabilities and Health, Safety and Environmental risks. Ensure manufacturing sites’ Approved Supplier Lists are current.
Establish and maintain consistent supplier metrics (process capability, control charts, measurement quality) for monitoring systems effectiveness.
Facilitate root cause analysis and employ statistical techniques and rationale in decision-making activities.
Conduct regular Supplier SPC reviews and provide appropriate feedback to suppliers.
Promote the use of customer preferred techniques for continuous improvement such as Lean, Six-Sigma, Poka-Yoke (Error Proofing), Measurement System Analysis, and Process Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (PFMEA).
Participate in Electronics Customer audits as part of the on-site audit team.
Undertake special projects as required.
Contribute to continuous improvement activities.
Develop long?term supplier relationships.
Present Supplier Quality updates at strategic business review updates.
SIMS – Complete assigned Action Items; participate in investigations as warranted.
Undertake personal continuous training and development.
Human Relations – Exemplify PeroxyChem’s behavioral standards.
Site Safety & Health – Maintains company and product reputation by complying with federal, state and company regulations. Ensure excellence in adherence to PSM principles, processes, and procedures.
Environment
Office, Plant, Supplier Manufacturing Sites. Exposures to chemicals, raw materials and finished products necessary in the manufacture of hydrogen peroxide. Exposure to the elements (rain, sun, humidity etc.). Personal protective equipment is worn as directed.
Note: this description is intended to give you a general overview of the position and is not an exhaustive listing of duties and responsibilities.

n/a

