https://www.indeed.com/company/INEOS/jobs/Process-Chemical-Engineer-5f5d40937d379591?fccid=3496339bc441b834&vjs=3

Process Chemical Engineer

INEOS

- Theodore, AL 36582 (Theodore Industrial Park area)

Job Title
Process Engineer
Department
Engineering
Location
Mobile
Organisational context
and job purpose
INEOS Phenol is the world’s largest producer of phenol and acetone with an annual manufacturing capacity of over 3 million tonnes per annum. We employ around 600 people across four sites, located at: Antwerp (Belgium), Gladbeck (Germany), Marl (Germany), Mobile, AL and Pasadena, TX. Our markets are growing worldwide. Our efficient, integrated assets provide a competitive global manufacturing base to grow with our customers, to continue to meet their needs around the world.
How the Role fits In:
This position provides engineering support to a production plant and performs routine process/maintenance and minor project assignments without minimal supervisory direction.
Responsibilities AND Accountabilities SHE Stewardship
Ø Maintain safety as the highest priority and abide by all INEOS safety policies and procedures.
Ø Understand and promote the INEOS “20 Principles of Safety”, assuring that others are aware of safe working practices and promote the safety concepts of “Coaching for Safety” and “Stop Work”.
Ø Promote safety and safe actions through communication such as discussing safety with employees/contractors before job task, during meetings, and as opportunities arise to promote safety to the fullest extent possible.
Ø Ensure compliance with all safety and environmental regulatory requirements and strive to meet internal SHE objectives.
Ø Complete training requirements as outlined in the annual training schedule.
Work Duties
Ø Provides process design / engineering support assistance for production areas.
Ø Maintains safety as the highest plant priority.
Ø Initiates suggestions for plant improvements with respect to process, new equipment, or equipment differing from original specification, etc.
Ø Ensures successful completion of documentation for maintenance activities, technical changes and projects under his or her management.
Ø Participates in planning, scheduling, and execution of work within assigned production area.
Ø Provides technical review for any Management of Change to production areas.
Ø Evaluates new equipment and provides reports of the evaluation.
Ø Promotes and maintains ISO 9001 within assigned area of responsibility.
Ø Promotes and assists in maintaining the integrity programs for critical assets and protective systems
Ø Promotes and maintains Process Safety Management within assigned area of responsibility.
Ø Participates in safety reviews and HAZOPs.
Ø Conducts engineering studies including recommendations and reports.
Ø Presentation of data and reports to senior colleagues and management
Ø Helps to develop budgets and schedules for capital projects
Ø Designs and sizes equipment for new processes and changes to existing processes.
Ø Investigates and develops tests to provide optimum process conditions for production area.
Ø Works closely with Maintenance to provide design solutions to reduce cost and downtime.
Ø Provides engineering support for all regulatory compliance issues (USCG, ADEM, etc.)
Skills & Knowledge Required Education/Experience
This position requires a B.S. in Chemical Engineering;
Minimum of 5 years of experience in a chemical or petrochemical manufacturing environment.
Skills/Competencies
The use of the following office equipment will be required: Personal computer, calculator, multi-line telephone, copier, printer, scanner, fax
The use of the following software could be required: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook), Skype, Visio, Adobe (PDF), Share Point, SAP, Microsoft Project
The use of the following site systems could be required: Emerson Distributive Control System, PI Data Historian, COA Database, Training Mine, Alfresco Document Management, Esker
Use of simulation software in the development of new processes.
Line Management Responsibility
See Organizational Chart
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Sedentary Work. Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Jobs are sedentary if walking and standing are required only occasionally and all other sedentary criteria are met.
Possible Conditions to be Subjected to:
The worker is subject to inside and outside environmental conditions.
Ø The worker is subject to hazards: Includes a variety of physical conditions, such as proximity to moving mechanical parts, electrical current, working on scaffolding and high places, exposure to high heat or exposure to chemicals.
Ø The worker is subject to atmospheric conditions: One or more of the following conditions that affect the respiratory system or the skin: fumes, odors, dusts, mists, gases, or poor ventilation.
Disclaimer
This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, skills, duties, requirements, efforts or working conditions associated with the job. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job, management reserves the right to revise the job or require that different tasks be performed when circumstance change (e.g., emergencies, changes in personnel, workload, rush jobs, or technological developments).
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
Engineering: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location

n/a

