https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ByUqMhvOL2iiDazUzQigxMwiChCV7X9eh2QNFlfz8qhr1LNfp3lsVT4bdYbkdNEVegJXeIooEgzYqOn1v4ipKD1TwSU_1_pRiMciin9jin6Rale1RfLapkQ_sc2brSPmjc-LzyNye82brBFeOIhc9KCrNz3PqH--sXJEEbDFLkExUII4ZJJ6O8HflYJQvWJZ9V42fK_MFo7QgJcRzcHb8ZKadXeQHmVWqxnXz15NG87hawmoKcsQbAEYPOSOUtsQ03qpNu9QKRL6QExtDKRW_ZstpHo5cWHDN63NKRLhwjUb0i7U-nz-HhpkJe1D9fJ2NF2JKw2eyOSOqn28Nd9VS79gYPgM2dP3r9-s97x3f6tGT8ORJQxlqbiXAfH2jx-4zbdvNGEsnNLvbAH2PKvzSpAtOAJRDegcaFfK_Gi2qT0lSWT_Ve7FmbGpJ4LV1rwXngq6aYnFaNrVN8eCpo4n-iK4J7ZJ9m_Tl028vJNHp_55SO7ictv7Zl_8OrU-Z6AXH5BSWSdX8ggoNuytyqQxzQ57UI2BcXXI9nHss5bgMqZmsBGINeNHF4&p=17&fvj=0&vjs=3&tk=1e1knlblkp7gv800&jsa=2724&oc=1&sal=0

Associate Principle Engineer - NA Biscuit Process

Mondelēz International

- East Hanover, NJ 07936

Description
Mondelēz International, Inc. empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. We're leading the future of snacking with iconic brands such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. Our 80,000+ colleagues around the world are key to the success of our business. Great people and great brands. That’s who we are.
Join us on our mission to continue leading the future of snacking around the world by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way. It’s time for you to Make It with Mondelēz International.
Research, Development & Quality

In Research, Development & Quality (RD&Q), your skills can be the special ingredient that brings our brands to life. As part of a fantastic team of scientists, engineers and nutritionists, you’ll work tirelessly on product design or development, process development, quality, nutrition, sensory and food safety aspects to ensure we deliver a consistent, delightful consumer experience. RD&Q is where you’ll turn great ideas into brilliant brands.

Job Scope

This position is a NA Biscuit Process Technical lead with 7+ years of experience, supporting the NA Region Biscuit strategy. The candidate will be responsible for the Product Quality, Specifications and Consumer action standards, optimization, and commercialization/qualification/validation of snack products related to the Biscuit category. This position is focused on leading complex process development initiatives from concept to commercialization and will have the opportunity to work on multiple brands across both core and innovation programs. The role requires building strong relationships across RD&Q with suppliers, Co-manufacturers, operations, business teams, and functional partners.
The candidate must be a seasoned professional that is able to apply technical knowledge to deliver business and company objectives. They will be expected to assume a technical leadership role in the development of strategic plans and objectives, executing against same and developing the appropriate action plans to meet those objectives. This includes understanding the financial impact of programs and decisions.
The candidate must serve as a resource throughout RD&Q and provide technical and project leadership within product and process development and cross functionally. This includes acting as a mentor to junior members of the department with possible supervision of an intern or coop.
A minimum of 7-10 years of product/process development is required, preferably in the Biscuit category.

Primary Responsibilities
Assumes leadership role on cross-functional teams and interfaces with all levels of the organization
Leverages technical strength to contribute to development of strategic plans, initiatives, and success criteria
Executes against strategic priorities by developing appropriate action plans to meet defined objectives, embeds technical rigor through adherence to formal stage gate commercialization process, running necessary trials, establishing methods for measuring success, and applying process capability assessments.
Develop, update, and maintain process specifications for assigned projects working with Brand Stewards, ensuring analytical method are in place
Develops cross-functional linkages and forms project teams where necessary to drive progress against project/ business objectives
Serves as a resource throughout RD&Q by providing technical and project leadership.
Acts as a mentor to junior members of the department with possible supervision of an intern or coop
Champions next generation process technology, including the use of Advanced Process Control and Modeling and Simulation.
Design and plan manufacturing plant trials and commissioning/qualification/verification (CQV), including travel to internal and external manufacturing sites.
Lead strategies to improve processes by developing new analytical tools, defining process controls, and applying Lean Six Sigma principles.
Develop new processes in collaboration with developers, including the design and operation of pilot plant trials, and providing trial and commissioning reports.
Troubleshoot manufacturing processes, using best practices, by consulting with regional process engineers, bakeries, and Process Innovation.
Represent process optimization and development on project teams.
Stakeholders Include
R&D Sr technical leaders, Platform and Regional Category
Product development team members
Marketing Brand and Platform leads
Biscuit Operations, Business Unit Lead
Packaging Group leaders and Packaging counterparts
Sensory & Consumer science group
Corporate and Field Quality
Biscuit Research and pilot plant leads
Legal and Regulatory affairs
Co-manufacturing partners
Procurement
Engineering
Qualifications
Skills Required:
Bachelor's degree (4 yr)
Major: Food Engineering, Food Science, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or related engineering field.
Demonstrated technical excellence and proven effectiveness in team leadership
Communication and interpersonal skills with strong ability to lead and manage multiple projects/programs concurrently.
Self -driven, organized, and mindful. Ability to develop sound contingency plans to mitigate risks in the development process.
Ability to autonomously identify, define, and complete programs that accomplish objectives with limited direct supervision and in a fast-paced work environment.
Comfort with ambiguity, making quick and sound decisions, and taking appropriate risks.
Mondelēz Global LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Applicants who require accommodation to participate in the job application process may contact 847-943-5460 for assistance.

Applicants must complete all required steps in the application process, including providing a Resume/CV, in order to be considered for this position.

n/a

