CC Associate Process Engineer

Citgo

- Corpus Christi, TX 78407 (Central City area)

Note
Employer will not sponsor visas for position
Job Summary
The Associate Process Engineer provides technical support on his/her assigned units to Operations and other refinery groups (Safety & Environmental, Economics & Planning, Strategic Planning & Project Engineering, Reliability, Maintenance, Purchasing, etc.). Technical support may include, but is not limited to, routine unit data monitoring & troubleshooting, engineering surveys for unit optimization & run length projections, mass balances, development of opportunity projects, scope of work development for contract selection, engineering calculations for safety & environmental, engineering support in the development of unit availability metric, and engineering data collection & analysis for capital projects. Troubleshooting and Technical writing are also required for various engineering reports and procedures.

*CITGO is an Equal Opportunity Employer*
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering
Overall GPA of 3.0 or greater (A=4.0)
Proficient in Microsoft Office

PREFERRED:
Experience with Simulation Software (i.e. SimSci, Proll, etc.)

Candidates must be able to obtain a TWIC (Transportation Worker Identification Credentials Card)

ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS: The Maritime Transportation Security Act requires all persons who will need unescorted access to a regulated facility to have a valid Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC), issued in accordance with the rules established by the United States Coast Guard and the Transportation Security Administration. Candidates selected for employment must meet eligibility criteria to obtain a TWIC card.
The following link lists the eligible criteria for all persons trying to obtain a TWIC card: https://universalenroll.dhs.gov/

*Must have current valid drivers license.*
Job Duties
Maintain safety as the number one priority.
Champion refinery management of change process for all engineering designs and recommendations.
Perform engineering calculations for API 754 releases.
Safe Operating Limit validation and evaluation of deviations daily
Participate in Process Hazard Analysis.
Support Environmental Compliance.
Perform engineering calculations on process releases.
Perform engineering calculations for MSS during unit outages and maintenance activities.
Monitor, optimize and troubleshoot operation of assigned units on a daily basis. Engineering principles must be used to evaluate process deviations and associated effects, conduct temperature and pressure surveys as needed, evaluate design and safety limitations compared to current operation, and make associated recommendations to the organization to improve the efficiency of the refinery.
Technical Communications
Issue daily verbal and written technical support communication as needed.
Issue routine (frequency set by management) technical reports on unit performance.
Develop technical scope of work for catalyst, chemical, and third party services evaluations as needed.
Issue outage/turnaround technical reports to document inspection findings, recommendations, and changes made.
Perform unit mass balances at least monthly and work with operations to achieve +/-2% reconciliation.
Develop and maintain models and simulations of processing units to help benchmark and monitor unit performance.
Support Opportunity and Availability Metric Tracking.
Generate opportunity project ideas to improve unit profitability. Work both independently and with multi-discipline teams to develop and implement these ideas.
Track unit limits, outages, and slowdowns for availability.
Provide technical support in planning and execution of turnarounds and outages. Be available for equipment inspection, shutdowns, and startups. Work with Inspection, Maintenance, and Operations to assure the correct fix to optimize plant profitability and reliability while reducing operating costs.

n/a

