https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0A98qTeSzIfgK3X3xHNqvOp7gMEIqmf06vV-UcgbP5sTyWncy0rY6dZ-wmvG-NyiXzEn3NwVlnMCs0DxgrS7IfIV_R9IibML7NUdVfNg4DiV0HKM9A23y3zeCZV7kUsU2KL3tY_lPMuGpNPtlrR4bOo39jCvfQxcs6k9GPKueffpq25mJYMBmFBpqEjtVUGKiW8hYPrcgZ1RWWR10HSNBPJzf_oqVtQCPTVWfjFlTlnpSf37xYv2jNAEZGvzCqOMKVZxPbgfKyqypBC3nry6Gno-D4yW_SY0xUYc5DMliQ7i2QOg7Vt75TOAxe8fc1B-zkAkUwt2MESYCZPzWdHfBJqGgeOnaboT1onclz55cnvlV8XdDltWgvTQhlomxfZtPF5s-UNMKvXeeNUbE4oDRM7YyoyBT7Kgji0t_rGDp8-L-q93bBlhw15UXihTbHbltT4cYaadlXZ-M8atG-pVED5vRRUnhgfELT9t2cJCYQ73aOAeFQzCtNI&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3&tk=1e1knlt3pp7gv800&jsa=585&oc=1&sal=1

Chemical Process Project Engineer

Evans Chemetics LP

- New York State

Evans Chemetics LP is a growing company that is seeking a Chemical Engineer to fill the role of Project Engineer. Only applicants with 5 years or more of applicable experience will be taken seriously for this role. Relocation is not offered.
The primary responsibility for this position will be to exercise functional control of assigned projects for planning, organization, integration, startup and hand off to the department being serviced (production, logistics, QC, etc.). We're seeking a candidate that can grow into and Engineering Manager position where responsibilities will expand to management of business CapEx budgeting and engineering staff supervision. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Develop and review designs for compliance with engineering principles, company standards, contract requirements, and related specifications.
Seek input and feedback from departments being serviced to ensure delivery of quality results.
Coordinate activities concerned with technical developments, scheduling, and resolving engineering design and test problems.
Direct integration of technical activities within a production environment.
Evaluates and approves design changes, specifications, and drawing releases.
Controls expenditures within limitations of project budget.
Manage project schedule to meet deadlines set by business needs.
Prepare interim and completion project reports.
Communicate status to stakeholders through written and direct communications.
Manage safety to ensure incident and injury free project execution.
Project engineers will be called upon as needed to support plant operations with technical expertise. This will be on systems that have been delivered by the project engineer as well as on existing plant infrastructure, processes and utilities.
Critical Qualities for Successful Candidates:
Must be capable of using computer assisted engineering and design software and equipment to prepare engineering and design documents.
Must posses the ability to read and interpret prints/specs.
Strong technical writing, and organizational skills.
Ability to communicate effectively.
Ability to oversee the work of technical and skilled-trade subordinates.
Ability to handle multiple priorities, stress, detailed work, reasoning, deadlines.
Must be flexible, analytical, and posses excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Will be interacting with multiple departments and working independently.
Must be experienced with the use of Microsoft Office software applications.
Education and Experience:
Must have a BS degree in Chemical Engineering.
Minimum 5 years project management experience including budget management and team responsibilities management.
Experience in a chemical process facility preferred.
Knowledge of engineering and regulatory codes (ASME, ANSI, NFPA, Building Codes, etc.) desired.
Experience with chemical process equipment - reactors, distillation, extraction, pumps, piping, valves, etc.
Experience in chemical process controls and instrumentation desired.
Experience with civil and structural design and construction is also desired.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year
Experience:
relevant: 5 years (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday

n/a

