Chemical Engineer

OMNOVA Solutions

- Chester, SC 29706

Under the general direction of the Technical Manager, the Chemical Engineer will be responsible for product and process improvement, optimizing production efficiency, process safety, and new product introductions as assigned. They will also be responsible for implementing modest capital projects and identifying and implementing cost reduction projects.
Your primary responsibilities…
Monitor quality of assigned products and proactively pursue improvements, including reducing variability. Analyze batch data and trends and initiate and lead team root cause analyses where beneficial for solving product/process issues. Perform statistical analyses to lead quality initiatives.
Work closely with Technical, Quality, Production, Maintenance, Purchasing, SHE&S, Innovation, and Business Team personnel to resolve issues with product quality, raw materials, production efficiency, process safety, and new product introductions. Coordinate pilot or production trials as needed.
Support consistent and safe manufacturing practices and compliance with OSHA PSM and EPA RMP requirements through the following :
1. Participate in PHAs
2. Follow site MOC programs for equipment and process changes, new raw material and product introductions, and BOG development
3. Develop or review SOPs as assigned
4. Perform incident investigations in compliance with the Chester site procedure
Support consistent product quality and business success through compliance with OMNOVA's Stage Gate and Product Integrity processes and the Chester site procedure for product introductions and transfers.
Support Chester ISO and RCMS certifications by performing annual audits as assigned.
What we need from you…
Bachelor's Degree in Chemical Engineering
5+ years' experience; experience in chemical manufacturing industry required
Experienced at developing clear & detailed work procedures
Working knowledge of statistical analysis for quality and process controls
Demonstrated experience successfully identifying areas of improvement & managing the associated change process
Ability to effectively plan, prioritize, and delegate tasks / responsibilities as needed in order to meet established timelines and objectives
Demonstrated experience in effectively engaging and leading teams / facilitating root cause analysis and driving actions to completion
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills
Intermediate skill level with MS Office suite
Qualifications that can set you apart …
E xperience with batch chemical manufacturing processes and automated process control strongly preferred
W orking knowledge of applicable OSHA (PSM), EPA (RMP) and DOT regulations and guidelines
Experience managing and implementing small and medium size capital projects
Experience with improvement programs, techniques and tools such as ISO, LEAN, SixSigma, etc.
Working Requirement
Position is primarily day shift, Monday – Friday
Occasional evening and weekend work is expected in support of a 24 hour operation
PTO is scheduled in consideration of site activities

n/a

