Chemical/Materials Engineer - Entry Level

Xerox Corporation

- Webster, NY 14580

(Job Number: 19003880)
Description:

Xerox is currently seeking talented individuals in the Chemical Engineering or Materials Science/Engineering disciplines to join the dynamic, fast-paced environment in our Webster facility performing research and development of new materials, coatings, and mixing technologies. The candidate will work with engineers and chemists to design and develop new materials and technologies for use in printed electronics, 3-D printing and specialty materials and coatings applications. Utilizing logical problem solving, designed experiments (DOE), and data analysis techniques the engineer will help to design and developed these products from concept through manufacturing scale up.
Working with an integrated and multi-disciplinary team, the candidate will be responsible for supporting new product introductions and scale up from research to manufacturing. This will include the development, installation, and troubleshooting of new manufacturing equipment and processes. This will include the development, installation, and troubleshooting of new product designs, processes, and related manufacturing equipment. The role will involve a mix of hands-on lab and plant work, along with desktop activities.

The new product and technology development team develops materials, coating formulations and manufacturing techniques that enable a diverse selection of products to maintain and drive revenue growth. New and innovative technologies that we develop include printed electronics, new printing technologies, specialty coatings as well as support for inkjet and xerographic printing.

Xerox is a leader in diversified employment to support our future growth. Xerox also provides many professional development opportunities to help our engineers be successful and grow their expertise. Some of these opportunities include: Graduate Studies Programs, Six Sigma Training, Shainin Problem Solving, and Statistical Software Training. There is also a large learning and support structure within the Xerox engineering community.

About you:
You find challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering a reliable manufacturable solution.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from chemists, mechanical, electrical, materials, and chemical engineers.
You are comfortable communicating across teams and management levels.
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; openness to change and new ideas.

Essential Functions:
Develop and evaluate new material coatings and mix processes for printed electronics, xerographic & inkjet products, new printing technologies, and other thin film coatings.
Optimize, improve, and execute mix processes for existing and future products.
Generate engineering samples and perform investigative research & development work.
Evaluate mechanical, chemical, and electrical properties of new materials and coatings.
Develop process parameters and specifications in polymer process engineering for use in a production environment.
Support scale-up of products and processes to manufacturing.
Provide training and guidance for industrial staff and engineering technicians during process trials and experiments.
Utilize Six Sigma tools in process improvement and implementation.

Education:
BS or MS in Chemical Engineering, Materials Science/Engineering, or Chemistry required
Graduation dates between Jan 2019 through Jan 2020
Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher

Skills:
Good fundamental understanding of chemical engineering science.
Clear and detailed written and verbal communication skills.
Works well within a cross-functional team to complete projects.
Problem solver with a balance of creativity and sound engineering logic.
Ability to design, analyze, and document experiments.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Excellent computer skills, familiar with MS Office Suite.
Highly self-motivated and works well with limited supervision.
Primary Location United States-New York-Webster
Travel No
Employee Status Regular

n/a

