Chemical Engineer Intern

Bayer

- Soda Springs, ID

Your tasks and responsibilities
The primary responsibilities of this role, Chemical Engineer Intern, are:

Maintaining the production schedule via working with production planning and other engineering units
Statistical monitoring of production metrics and identification, definition, and cost analysis of improvement projects.
Provide technical support along with other engineers to troubleshoot and solve problems impacting raw material yields, capacity, quality, environmental compliance, and safety.
Help identify cost savings and on-stream time improvements by tracking key performance indicators (KPI's).
Monitor and analyze operating data from the manufacturing process using statistical tools, both proactively (statistical quality/process control) and reactively (troubleshooting).
Project engineering and management includes scope, plan and schedule, detailed design, cost estimating and tracking, construction and startup.
Create and maintain process, safety, and environmental documentation, including process flow diagrams, operating instructions, management of change (MOC) forms, etc.
Exhibit a strong safety ethic through coaching or engineered improvements.
Assist manufacturing leadership in identifying improvements related to raw material yields, capacity, energy, quality, product safety and the environment.
Support preventative maintenance and equipment reliability programs and other plant wide initiatives.
Communicate closely with and train, as needed, area operations personnel.

Who you are
Your success will be driven by your demonstration of our LIFE values. More specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an incumbent who possesses the following:
REQUIRED SKILLS
Willing to accept a variable work schedule
Students must be currently enrolled in a bachelor's or master's degree program in Chemical Engineering and have completed their sophomore year by the start of their co-op or internship.
In addition to current enrollment interns must work at the Soda Springs Idaho site for the duration of the term
o January - June of 2020 OR
o May - August of 2020 OR
o June - December of 2020
DESIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale
Prior Co-op or internship experience is a plus
Training or coursework in Six Sigma principles; six sigma belts
Delta V configuration experience
Experience or training in project definition, design, process control and optimization, and statistics
MS Excel macro deve
Your application
Bayer offers a wide variety of competitive compensation and benefits programs. If you meet the requirements of this unique opportunity, and you have the "Passion to Innovate" and the "Power to Change", we encourage you to apply now. Job postings will remain open for a minimum of ten business days and are subject to immediate closure thereafter without additional notice. To all recruitment agencies: Bayer does not accept unsolicited third party resumes.

Bayer is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans

Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact information below.

Country: United States
Location: ID-Soda Springs
Functional Area: [sap_fa_9]
Entry Level: 1

n/a

