https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CQtaRDYkl0Ntqfbtj3izpcqPc78ZyAcA-fvAHHxqX2Tz5Fr_NX8HytIfM3WYjIOtvL6BSnV5Y08aeQPAPUKEfJtdV5ArcurbYniGlzVrk1d06Teeh7xRhkClTBRlilgxbM3IXW4XcDc0drQ8WdZS_HTTxYSCEAeQ7cjYR2r8xOj7nEsOsWT-egEpsai28Xd7mi81qF7pxdTVDamFRm6k4KORm8HyuI3QWMDI3Cu7Wlbj6lF8x3XV34qxu6q-jYZjD5F8J0WqVnN1yhpkvnBmLx0QJbVRRveyy8AFbJg7OuOJXcR1Fzg6IVKVFdHg_EGpgub70jTLgPX8-GQmi_0zqbOeqIMco5JJrbJNCFbsEGEM37-76Xcn-d8zdHRvkDCIatyE4gEOlewxpiS4WMi_bx2kujdBLB6b40ztrfKfyzw7e2gZiKElRSMcwi4FQpqTKJhJ-aAWZcEsjSBHUmF0S5lXJl_EI6UJ1qhp9Fk4vPg39QnzeYsYj4wtCGH6NrAxcmnU9dIxoj5TCvwSuQyTWu&p=6&fvj=0&vjs=3&tk=1e1kn9f0p33cf000&jsa=2937&oc=1&sal=0

Chemical Process Engineer

Balchem Corporation

- Verona, MO 65769

PRINCIPAL PURPOSE:
The Chemical Process Engineer is responsible for production support through innovation, leadership, regulatory compliance, project management, and maintenance support. This role includes research and study of operations to develop new strategies, procedures, or equipment designs to achieve business objectives. The Chemical process engineer will be responsible for project execution from conception to completion and will share responsibility for design, configuration, integration and implementation of process control solutions for the plant production processes including batch software, PLC / DCS systems, HMI packages, and PC networking technology. The individual in this role will also be responsible for assisting the maintenance supervisor in minimizing costs and downtime through development of standards and focus on mechanical integrity. This role will be responsible for performing maintenance and production improvements through PLC and HMI packages. Finally, this role will place a priority on safety and compliance with all applicable requirements and provide leadership for Process Safety Management, food safety and feed safety.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Follows and enforces all safety policies and procedures including use of safety equipment (PPE) and equipment safeguards. Works to advance and promote the safety culture of the site.
Manages capital expenditures on the Verona Site including design, installation, safety, cost, and helps coordinate startups. Managing responsibility includes overall Project and Construction management activities.
Daily responsibilities include solutions implementation and support of production. Plans and coordinates technical design and engineering implementation of project work in compliance with PSM, SQF, and GMP procedures.
Assist with maintaining and upgrading of the plant’s PLC control system and network.
Assists with Process Safety Management (PSM) and Risk Management Plan (RMP) compliance through leadership and participation in activities required for all fifteen elements of these standards.
Coordinates with other plant departments, particularly with Production, as well as with off site departments (R&D, Business groups) to facilitate projects and support.
Assists the Maintenance Supervisor with cost and downtime minimization.
When necessary has supervisory responsibility of outside contractors and consultants including evaluation of work completed, required conformance to contractor safety policies, safety performance, and security of confidential information.
Develops new and innovative solutions to production improvement opportunities that accomplish business objectives including improving safety, quality, or efficiency.
When necessary formulates and supervises civil mechanical, electrical and environmental process studies to determine the feasibility of proposed projects and to establish structural, mechanical, electrical, operational or other requirements to design, develop, and install construction or manufacturing projects.
Provides leadership on selected projects and submits and reviews to the Lead Process Control Engineer and other managers for ultimate decisions including approvals for capital expenditures.
Prepares and submits the timely delivery of activity and monthly reports to keep the Site Services Manager and others informed about the status of engineering assignments.
Provides technical support during preparation of the annual Verona capital expenditure plan.
Maintains relationships with outside vendors, particularly those that supply services and labor for capital project assignments.
Assures that maintenance, environmental, and permitting records / documentation are completed as assignments require.
Performs other related duties.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Education and Experience:
BS degree in Chemical Engineering
A minimum of 1-year experience as a Junior Chemical Engineer or 5 years experience in the chemical process industry.
A minimum of 1-year experience programming or performing maintenance on a Rockwell/Allen Bradley PLC is preferable.
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES:
Work is mostly sedentary but intermittently involves climbing, standing, walking, balance and coordination when reviewing equipment operation on site. Travel is required on specific assignments.
VISUAL ACTIVITY:
Operates various equipment such as computers, drafting equipment and instruments involving scientific meters and measuring devices.
ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS:
Works both in an office and in field construction and maintenance areas, but periodically outside subject to changes in various weather conditions and temperatures depending on specific project or maintenance priorities. Will be required to wear appropriate safety equipment such as safety glasses, safety shoes, respirators, gloves and other protective equipment as required by the specific job assignment.
#IN

n/a

