Chemical Engineer

Thatcher Company

- Salt Lake City, UT 84104

Thatcher Company is a diversified chemical manufacturer, re-packager and distributor headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah. The company was founded in 1967 and has grown to be a major chemical supplier and distributor in the United States. Thatcher’s diversification, coupled with ever broadening product offerings, allows us to respond to the changing needs of our customers and the marketplace. Our core values include integrity, employee success, win-win relationships, customer focus, stability, safety & environment, and continuous improvement.
Chemical Engineer
Thatcher Company is seeking a highly motivated and resourceful individual to work in the Salt Lake City facility as a Chemical Engineer. This position requires the person to have a strong understanding of chemical plant layout and design, writing SOPs and updating existing SOPs, knowledge of PSM, PHA, MIP, MOC, and Regulatory Requirements and be responsible for hazardous operations at plant wide. Candidates with experience in other engineering fields will be considered. The incumbent to have sound engineering rigor, the ability to make empirical and logical decisions, interface well with plant managers, engineers, operators and technicians and apply theory to practice. It’s all about execution and having an impact on the plant processes, business development and company organization.
Required Qualifications
B.S degree in Chemical Engineering with 5+ years of experience working as a chemical engineer. Candidates with experience in other engineering disciplines will be considered.
2+ years of experience writing SOPs and BPRs.
2+ years of experience with PSM, PHA, MIP, MOC, and Regulatory Requirements.
Experience with 29CFR 1910.119 (Process Hazard Analysis) Hazop Methodologies.
A working knowledge of civil, mechanical, electrical, and structural design.
Previous experience working at a chemical plant.
U.S. citizen or permanent resident status.
Desired Qualifications
3+ years of experience in the chemical, manufacturing, or related industry.
2+ years of experience working with regulatory requirements.
Strong knowledge of chemical plant layout and construction.
Strong writing and editing skills.
History of significant and successful engineering design, including new construction, plant design, process change, etc.
Demonstrated flexibility in a very dynamic work environment and manage multiple tasks/functions concurrently.
Major Accountabilities
Subscribe to and actively support a safe work environment.
Work with the design team and project engineers to provide support for capital expansion projects as well as new construction projects.
Write and update SOPs and BPRs.
Develop PSM, PHA, MIP, MOC, and Regulatory Documents.
Responsible for hazardous operations plant wide.
Interface with chemical, mechanical, electrical, and structural staff to ensure accuracy.
Produce detailed design packages that can be used by Thatcher personnel or contractors during fabrication and construction.
Ownership of and accountability for assigned projects, plant areas and/or processes.
Represent Thatcher Company in a comprehensively professional manner by developing a thorough knowledge of Thatcher products and processes.
What’s In It for You?
Benefit package including health, dental, life insurance, vacation, sick leave, paid holidays.
Significant profit sharing/retirement plan which is 100% employer paid.
Competitive salary.Thatcher Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) – Preference for Local Candidates
MUST BE U.S. CITIZEN OR HAVE PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 5 years (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift

n/a

