Early Career Chemical Engineer – DuPont Field Engineering Program & Direct Hire Opportunities

DuPont

- United States

Share On
DuPont has been bringing world-class science and engineering to the global marketplace in the form of innovative products, materials, and services since 1802. The company believes that by collaborating with customers, governments, non-governmental organizations, and thought leaders we can help find solutions to such global challenges as providing enough healthy food for people everywhere, decreasing dependence on fossil fuels, and protecting life and the environment.
The DuPont Field Engineering Program recruits newly graduated top-performing engineers to gain valuable experience leading to long term career paths. The program gives recent engineering graduates an opportunity to gain a broad perspective and valuable experience in a series of rotation assignments at different sites throughout DuPont. With a minimum of two assignments required, it offers assignments two to three years in length, allowing engineers to train, develop, and grow professionally while making meaningful contributions to the bottom line. Through the program, engineers build a solid record of accomplishments and gain a broad-based perspective of the company. Working at several DuPont sites helps engineers determine where their talents best suit our business needs. Total geographic flexibility is a requirement while active as a Field Engineer.
Engineers also have the opportunity to be placed as a Direct Hire into sites throughout the US and Puerto Rico. Direct Hire Engineers start their careers gaining in-depth knowledge of a specific DuPont business. These positions may require relocation to a specific job location.
Typically, roles for early career engineers can fall within 4 job umbrellas: Production/Plant, Design and Research and Development, Technical Service.
Manufacturing Technical / Process Engineering (Production) – Provide technical support to the Production area and to the R&D organization for growth efforts. This Engineer will lead and or identify programs to improve safety, quality, reliability, capacity, yields and cost. The engineer will drive improvements using root cause failure analysis, Six Sigma methodology, and other continuous improvement tools. Involvement in day-to-day troubleshooting to assure safe, continuous operation is a minimum requirement.
Research and Development – Apply engineering principles to task areas ranging from fundamental research on new processes and products to development of work to improve and/or diversify existing product lines. The engineer in Research and Development (R&D) will work with a team in designing and conducting experiments, selecting scientific testing methodologies and analyzing data to develop or improve materials, technologies or processes. Laboratory, pilot plant, or full-scale production tests are used by the engineer to accomplish process technology and product advances. Major responsibilities of the process engineer in R&D may include design, assembly, modification and operation of lab scale process equipment, including chemical reactors, operating high tech instrumentation, collecting, processing and interpreting data.
Project and Design (Design) – Implement capital projects to build new or improve existing facilities. Responsibilities include reviewing basic data, developing project justification and scopes, coordinating design, and managing project construction.
Engineering Consulting (Design) - Provide Engineering consulting and support services to DuPont businesses globally in support of top-line growth and asset effectiveness improvement programs. Performs detailed problem analysis in addressing complex technical problems and recommends/implements innovative and cost-effective engineering solutions to achieve business objectives. Responsibilities include development of program proposals, managing budgets, program execution and results documentation.
Technical Service - The engineer in a Technical Service role will provide technical support to internal and external customers in the development and application of products, processing techniques and resolution of problems. Major responsibilities of the Technical Service Specialist will include troubleshoot and resolve customer issues, support the introduction and qualification of new products, and support Sales by demonstrating technical applications knowledge of the product and solutions at the customer.
Job Qualifications

Qualifications for Field Rotational Program and Direct Hire Roles:
Completing a Degree from an ABET accredited program in Chemical Engineering or Material Science & Engineering by Spring 2020.
Relevant Work Experience:
5 months minimum, 3 years maximum of paid engineering work experience in manufacturing or Research and Development in an industrial setting.
OR
2.5 months of paid academic Research and Development work plus 2.5 months of paid Co-Op/ Internship engineering experience in manufacturing or Research and Development in an industrial setting.
Legal right to work in the United States without restriction.
3.0 or greater GPA (out of 4.0 scale) preferred
Additional Qualifications for the Manufacturing Technical / Process Engineering (Production):
Willingness to provide 24x7 area support when required – Acting as the lead technology resource for their area of production involvement in day-to-day troubleshooting to assure safe, continuous operation is a minimum requirement.
Preferred qualification of some experience with high hazard process safety, training and experience with root cause failure analysis, process hazards analysis (PHA), and experience with Six Sigma methodology

Additional Qualifications for the Field Rotational Program:
100% geographic flexibility to allow for best career development fit.
Commitment to complete a minimum of two assignments totaling 4.5 – 5 years.


About DuPont
For additional information on our unbridled commitment to deliver essential innovations that enrich people's lives, enable sustainable development and foster human potential for generations to come.

Please access the following link to better understand & appreciate DuPont's Journey. Coupled with core values and excellent compensation & benefits... Together, we're turning possibilities into real world answers that help humanity prosper!
Apply Now
DuPont is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability or any other protected class. If you need a reasonable accommodation to search or apply for a position, please visit our Accessibility Page for Contact Information.

n/a

