Energy Engineer

Energy Resources Integration, LLC

- San Francisco, CA

We are seeking a highly motivated energy engineer who desires to roll up their sleeves and investigate what is on the roof and in the basement, and how the equipment’s operational parameters effect its energy consumption. The successful candidate must have a thorough understanding of engineering principles and be able to apply that knowledge and coordinate with key stakeholders to develop and quantify solutions. Candidates should have an interest in collaborating with team members to gather information, as well as possess skills in effectively delivering technical results to non-technical clientele. The position will provide technical assistance for a variety of projects involving energy efficiency, demand response, and renewable and self-generation.
Responsibilities
Utilize analytical tools and measurement techniques to evaluate the performance of, and make recommendations for, energy systems and equipment.
Perform Energy audits for various non-residential building types, including commercial, industrial, and municipal facilities.
Prepare written analysis of findings and recommendations for energy efficiency, demand response, and self-generation measures for submittal to clients.
Guide interaction and dialogue with diverse stakeholders, both internal and external, to gather pertinent information via field work on customer sites.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s engineering degree required, Mechanical Engineering preferred
2-4 years of experience within the industry
Strong working knowledge of various systems including but not limited to HVAC, refrigeration, pumping, compressed air, steam, motors, and industrial systems.
Understanding of utility energy efficiency, demand response, and self-gen programs
Proficient PC skills including Excel, Word, and Outlook
Ability to read and interpret construction blueprints
Basic knowledge of data collection methods
Solid technical report writing ability
Honed technical analytical skills using standardized approaches
Energy engineering experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Resourceful technical research skills
Detail oriented
Experience and proficiency in project management
Understanding of Measurement and Verification techniques
Desired Qualifications
EIT Certificate
Energy auditing or commissioning experience
Experience with (heavy) industrial, manufacturing, institutional, and commercial sites
Experience using eQuest building energy modeling tool
Familiarity with building codes and/or industry standard practice.
Master of Science in above degree categories.
Experience with specific end-use technology design, operation, or energy analysis for either oil and gas, heavy industrial, resource extraction, processing, or chemical refining industries.
Active Member of Professional Association with Technical Committee experience
Job Type: Full-time

n/a

