Manufacturing Process Engineer

Whirlpool Corporation

- Greenville, OH 45331

Requisition ID: 35035
Whirlpool Corporation is consistently recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies. Our values are the driving force behind everything we do. Respect, integrity, diversity and inclusion, teamwork and the spirit of winning propel our teams to excellence. Get to know us and see what it's like to be part of the world's leading major home appliance company.
Currently, we are seeking qualified candidates for a Manufacturing Process Engineer opening to join our KitchenAid organization.

Function

You will serve as a technical resource and project leader in the development and application of production systems across a variety of machining processes. You will be responsible for the cost and quality improvements and maintaining daily operations to achieve division goals.

Responsibilities
Identify, analyze and solve manufacturing process issues and equipment related problems
Drive machining process improvements through the use of lean manufacturing concepts and tools
Provide technical support to technicians and work teams and serve as technical resource for the department
Scope, order and assure proper implementation of new processes & equipment;
Determine root cause of problems and implement corrective & preventative actions utilizing methods from lean manufacturing and Six Sigma
Direct cross-functional process improvement projects with the assistance of team members from all aspects of the division
Analyze, evaluate and document standards according to quality system requirements such as Standard operating procedures, Control Plans, and FMEAs
Provide a critical link between the department and other process partners such as product design, assembly, paint, maintenance, safety, quality, etc.
Communicate with and support up to a 24-hour / day manufacturing operation
Initiate problem solving and conduct root cause analysis
Implement projects and special assignments as required

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical or Manufacturing Engineering
5+ years of manufacturing experience

Preferred Qualifications

Controls and robotics experience is a plus
Strong knowledge of lean principles and the ability to apply them in order to establish and/or improve processes
Working knowledge of GD&T (geometric dimensioning and tolerancing)
Outstanding interpersonal skills, with the specific ability to act as a team leader and interact at all layers within the organization
Strong mechanical knowledge
Excellent planning, project management and leadership skills
Strong communication, presentation and facilitation skills
Experience in a manufacturing-related environment with a good understanding of plant operations
Solid decision-making and judgment skills
Resourcefulness in accomplishing objectives and completing tasks
Problem-solving skills - Knowledge of Six Sigma methodologies preferred

RSRWH
About us

Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) is the world’s leading major home appliance company, with approximately $21 billion in annual sales, 92,000 employees and 70 manufacturing and technology research centers in 2017. The company markets Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Indesit and other major brand names in nearly every country throughout the world.

At Whirlpool Corporation, we believe that all people matter. Celebrating diversity and including thousands of perspectives empower us to create products that blend into every concept of home. Whirlpool Corporation is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

Additional information about the company can be found on Twitter at @WhirlpoolCorp.

n/a

