Petroleum Engineer/Production Engineer

PO&G Resources

- Houston, TX

PO&G Resources is a rapidly growing, twenty-year-old private oil and gas company. Due to the successful closing of the firm's first investor fund, the company is expanding its operational and technical staff. Headquartered in Houston, the company acquires conventional oil and gas properties and increases their value by improving operations such as artificial lift, water flood optimization, and vertical infill drilling. The company's current oil and gas properties are located in Texas, Oklahoma, Colorado, Kansas, Wyoming, New Mexico, Montana, North Dakota, Utah and Mississippi. West Texas and the Panhandle of Oklahoma are the company's largest operating regions. Current production is 1,800 BBL/D.
The company thrives as a result of its opportunistic, entrepreneurial culture, and has attracted select, high-impact personnel from a variety of oil companies and Wall Street firms. Company employees have the opportunity to involve themselves in a broad range of the oil and gas development processes, providing constant challenge and growth opportunities. Direct exposure to top management insures a rewarding, non-bureaucratic work environment.
Additional company information is available at www.pogresources.com. PO&G will only consider candidates who submit resumes through the Indeed web site.
Position - Operations Engineer:
We are seeking a key individual to fill the position of Petroleum/Production Engineer. The candidate will report directly to the Vice President - Operations and Engineering and will be responsible for actively managing the production, costs, cash flow, and capital investment for a portfolio of approximately 100 of the company's wells and associated assets. The candidate will work actively with field personnel to optimize operations.
The candidate will manage his/her portfolio of assets and have a broad range of responsibilities including:
Develop lease profitability, production, and cost targets.
Assist field personnel to achieve production and cost targets.
Work with engineering tech to optimize chemical program and well production testing system.
Engineer the optimization of waterflood operations including: surface facilities, chemical program, and injection pattern balancing.
Collaborate with field personnel, research vendor selection, engineer drilling and completion operations at the company's ongoing development program, and assist with regulatory filings.
Optimize completion designs including acidizing and frac stimulations by providing insight and oversight of outside service vendors.
Identify, evaluate, prioritize, and recommend capital investment projects within his/her asset portfolio. Oversee implementation of same.
Coordinate with the business development team to perform due diligence and integrate newly acquired assets.
Coordinate with company regulatory analyst to obtain drilling, salt water disposal, and other state regulatory filings.
Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in engineering with two to ten years of experience with an oil and gas operator with a broad exposure to production, drilling, completion operations, and artificial lift design.
The candidate will possess strong expertise and understanding of artificial lift designs and optimization as applied to conventional oil wells (particularly rod pump and ESP).
Strong interpersonal and analytical skills. Ability to work well in a collaborative environment with both management and engineering team.
Self-starter who can pro-actively manage production and cost targets and pro-actively communicate with field personnel and management.
Practical and pragmatic approach to problem solving; hands on worker.
Well organized in order to plan work schedule and logistics for vendors and field personnel.
Ability to work in a fast paced dynamic environment.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year
Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
an oil: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off

n/a

