PLANT PRODUCTION ENGINEER

Air Products

- Port Arthur, TX 77640

Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., a Fortune 500 manufacturer of industrial gases and chemicals, has an opening for a PRODUCTION ENGINEER at its Port Arthur, TX facility.

The Port Arthur facility is a Integrated SMR Plant that produces Hydrogen, Steam, CO2 and Power for our onsite customer and the Gulf Coast Franchise. The Port Arthur site mainly consists of two large Steam Methane Reformers, 2 combined cycle Heat Recovery Steam Generators, 3 combustion turbines, and 2 CO2 capture facilities used for enhanced oil recovery.

You will have broad engineering responsibilities supporting the Site Manager. You will be required to gain an understanding of all aspects of the site's production responsibilities. The specific focus of the role will be to lead and initiate high level reliability and efficiency projects associated with the production of Hydrogen, Steam, Power and CO2. The position is a good combination of hands-on work and desk work. This includes work involving data analysis and tracking, systems integration, and reviews of both Air Products and external engineering standards. The hands-on work includes large rotating machinery, fixed equipment and control systems.

Key responsibilities for this position include:
Drive facility’s operational efficiency and plant reliability initiatives for a wide variety of assets, equipment and systems
Develop, implement and support KPI monitoring at the plant level which includes work process development, the calculating of the algorithms and the reporting structure.
Work with PPE to develop and manage process and equipment monitoring triggers for both engineering support and operator process management.
Safety performance, reduction of recordable injuries, Basic Safety Process compliance and process safety management.
Support of all aspects of day-to-day operations, including troubleshooting plant process problems, directly supporting daily plant activities, month end closing and leading plant projects.
Working with on-site operators and management, and external support resources to achieve productivity, reliability, and profitability targets in all areas
EMOC development, implementation and timely closure of open EMOC’s
Identifying maintenance concerns, then developing and implementing corrective / preventative measures.
Qualifications / Requirements:
Seasoned leadership and experience in engineering-based roles with a strong preference toward proficiency in Chemical Engineering
A track record in driving continuous improvement through analytical reviews of complex systems.
Knowledge of RCA and FMEA with previous usage of these methodologies is a plus
Strong plant operating experience in similar plants or operations of similar complexity
A track record of success on Safety, Environmental, Quality and Employee Involvement
A strong commitment to employee involvement, team building and diversity
Strong communication and organizational skills
A self-starter with proven leadership abilities

To learn more, visit About Air Products.

Air Products offers a comprehensive benefits package including paid holidays/vacation, affordable medical, dental, life insurance and retirement plans.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted.

Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) You will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status.

n/a

