https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0B-bty_Rz5xvgNXgjYm-VNZDWQ_htv6GSTm0dpsvrbz7vhDknTtbJ46vcrTX_uNjgQxuv76uyCOlw9YnHUrveHP3wFWl_X2bkAQzUXhwWB9UdqDWK4Tx8KRZrqYI-sIyY1oFPI8mijSiLRfh4DEtfO0gsz0pr4ZC1wcqBYQE018DRySsT6DFOzWS7lUhWVhFqCybhXzo94SZuD_0WW67D3S62ttpjn80NgV1P1aJWBJpX1CfoEARX4i0fdSJhn_HaWfDqp52syhuqDh05t9TnqXA17Bh8nc-cZFt-T-lNQV0fTP-cMjvt306og7WmwDpV3OnocvLNdpO3MQdA6C3cGnmX21Tz7LawpjYji7rkofAkr60jILsxS_grXYsEblu3H20G_DO2GMkhtngkST9h636uGKE0jjcG7r5SfjSWzB8Dy0UxTmrXk_PyTFHFotSp3HcZqn28PURuLLZAAcebpv-lHdhWQiE9s=&p=4&fvj=1&vjs=3&tk=1e1kn9f0p33cf000&jsa=2937&oc=1&sal=0

Process Engineer

PacMoore Products

- Hammond, IN 46320

Description
PacMoore Products is passionately focused on growing people so we can be exceptionally good at feeding the world. This is our vision. We provide an exceptional work environment and an opportunity to grow professionally and personally.
We are seeking an experienced Process Engineer to contribute to the growth of the Engineering team while providing support our food production team.
This position has primary responsibility for managing consumer and other packaging projects from concept through production, including project scope development, drawing development and approval, equipment and project specifications, project schedules and budgets.
Responsibilities and Duties:
Located in Hammond IN, and reporting to the Plant Engineer, the engineer will be responsible to support and lead the process engineering requirements for projects and production improvement.
Engineering:
Production process improvement; continuously evaluate and modify existing packaging equipment, processes and components to improve efficiency and cost. Develop and implement solutions to day-to-day and longer term operating issues. Examples: Decreasing down-time on blending machines, processes; decrease scrap rates/increase volume; decrease wash and cleaning times; increase efficiency.
Collaborate with cross functional teams to ensure that product launches meet deadlines and cost requirements.
Plan, monitor and evaluate production trials for new packaging materials and components.
Respond to manufacturing issues as they arise and implement appropriate solutions.
Provide process technical support for other areas of the production facility as needed.
Within scope of responsibilities, understand and conform to food safety and HACCP guidelines.
Work closely with sales team, customers and production teams to design and implement solutions to customer packaging challenges.
Types of packaging includes (but is not limited to) cartons, pouches, bags, boxes, bulk bags, bulk bags, drums
Important Relationships
Sales, customers, other plant management: to collaborate on new projects, as well as process improvements and contributing to the overall optimal operation of the plant.
Plant personnel: to discuss processes and review equipment and to train on new projects and processes.
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in Packaging, Process Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or related fields;
Minimum of 5-7 years of experience in a manufacturing facility
Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in the food and beverage industry
Consumer packaging experience required
Excellent computer skills including AutoCAD
Strong project management and problem-solving skills
Willingness and ability to work with a culturally rich and diverse workforce
other (travel, special hours or other considerations):
Substantial amount of time spent in manufacturing facility; exposure to allergens and chemicals.
10% travel - to other PacMoore location(s) or customer sites as needed.
PacMoore Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
Manufacturing: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday

n/a

