Process Engineer

Interplastic Corporation

- Fort Wright, KY

INTERPLASTIC CORPORATION is the leading manufacturer of unsaturated polyester, vinyl ester and specialty resins, gel coats, colorants and putties under the CoREZYN® and Silmar® brand names for the composites, cast polymer, and solid surface industries. As a pioneer of cutting edge technology, we grow to meet the needs of the composites industry. In addition, all of our manufacturing facilities and research and development laboratories are ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 certified.
We currently have an exciting opening for an experienced Process Engineer at our Fort Wright, KY manufacturing facility. This position mainly focus on compounding processes and must be able learn, measure, and optimize the plant manufacturing processes using engineering principles and problem-solving skills, and recommend appropriate changes to improve product throughput and quality.
Essential Functions:
A thorough understanding of unsaturated polyester chemistry, processing techniques, application and products.
A strong engineering understanding of agitation and mixing technology, heat transfer and thermodynamics, distillation technology, process control systems, liquid transfer and filtrations and other unit operations.
Strong problem-solving skills through the use of statistical methods, quality improvement tools and accepted laboratory practices.
Make formulary and procedural changes and equipment modifications to improve plant safety, quality and efficiency
Timely, effective and safe introduction and scale-up of new products and processes.
Utilize management of change in a process safety management environment.
Participate on process safety management team and safety committee.
Experience with statistical process control and other quality improvement tools.
Strong computer skills. Should be familiar with process control programming logic and code. Must be able to communicate and train production personnel on process changes.
Travel requirement are minimal
Perform other duties as assigned by management.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Strong leadership skills.
Degree in chemistry or chemical engineering or equivalent.
3+ years work experience in a similar position.
Strong oral and written communication skills
Strong computer skills.
Strong understanding of chemical process equipment and technology.
Good analytical skills.
Knowledge of mixing and materials handling equipment.
“Hands-on” troubleshooting of plant problems.
Equipment Utilization/Productivity
Cycle time reduction through procedures and technology
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
Process Engineering: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)

n/a

