Process Development Engineer

MICRO

- Somerset, NJ 08873

Do you want to make a difference in the world? Do you want to help save lives? Come start or continue your career with us! MICRO is a contract manufacturer providing services for companies engaged in life-saving products and solutions.
MICRO offers an excellent benefits package, compensation higher than industry average and a full complement of training programs dedicated to give our employees the skills and knowledge required to achieve their career goals.
So don’t settle for a job when you can have a career that makes a difference!
Are you ready to?
Support New Process Development by developing and implementing systems for the manufacturing of new products
Ensure that all new equipment/tooling is designed per current customer specifications
Develop and implement systems to increase the efficiency and reduce costs associated with existing manufacturing processes while maintaining or increasing finished part quality
Design new equipment and processes for new and existing products including fixtures, gages, semi-automatic machines, automatic machines, PLCs, pneumatics, electric motors, robotics, sensors, and safety equipment,
Write Work Instructions, PM Plans, Engineering Studies, IQ, OQ, PQ protocols.
Use quality tools to measure, evaluate, and optimize processes (GR&R, SPC, Capability analysis, DOE, control charts)
Trains engineering, set-up, toolmaker, and operational personnel in the operation of new equipment and processes
Identify and develop concepts for cost reduction through continuous improvements. Measure and document all improvements
Install, develop, debug, validate and troubleshoot equipment and processes on the manufacturing floor
Interface with Design Engineering, Product Development, Process Engineering, and Tool Room departments to improve output, efficiency, and quality of products
Do you Have?
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or a related field is required.
4-5 years of engineering experience is required.
Experience in the conceptualization, installation, development, programming, validating and troubleshooting of semi-automatic and automatic equipment is required.
Experience with Minitab Statistical Software. Proficient with MS Office Suite. Experience with 3d CAD software is required, Solidworks preferred
Must have demonstrated the ability to synthesize complex or diverse information
Must have experience with blueprint reading including Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T), Statistical Process Control (SPC), Measurement Systems Analysis (MSA, GR&R), Design of Experiments (DOE).
Experience in injection molding, metal stamping or other high-volume manufacturing fields is strongly preferred.
Proficient with data analysis, statistics and applied mathematics.
Demonstrated ability to independently create functional & cost-effective designs and processes that meet complex specification requirements.
Can you?
Define problems, collect data, establish facts, draw and convey valid conclusions
Interpret extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables
Apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations
Apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis
Read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents
respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community
Complete projects on time and budget per customer specifications
Document department procedures to reduce design errors and increase efficiency
Identify and implement new technologies introduced to solve existing production problems
Work in a fast-paced environment
Manage multiple priorities
Synthesize complex and diverse information.
Identify and resolve problems in a timely manner
Gather and analyze information skillfully

Then we want YOU to apply for our Process Development Engineer position and join our innovative and driven team by clicking APPLY now!
MICRO is a full-service contract manufacturer that draws on over 70 years of experience in medical assembly, precision metal stamping, insert and injection molding, machining, sharpening, finishing, and assembly to deliver the highest quality products to customers in many industries including medical device, automotive, aerospace, and electronics. A truly global company, we manufacture and distribute our products to customers around the world.
www.micro-co.com

n/a

