Process Engineer

Rust-Oleum

- Williamsport, MD 21795

Summary: Provides Process Engineering support within Operations. This includes executing engineering projects for increasing production and providing long range technical planning and strategies for the business.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Responsible for project execution including process improvements utilizing existing equipment and/or selection, justification, CAR processing, purchasing, and installation of new equipment. Support efforts including in person training and documentation.
Determine design and recommending changes to implementing manufacturing systems that will increase productivity, for machine, human interaction, method/process, raw material & environmental variability. Design to incorporate Lean principles to improve reliability, ease of use & maintenance, minimize changeover times, and to minimize production losses.
Provide cross functional project management across key areas of manufacturing.
Manage projects through a review process from project scope charters through successful startup transition to the local site team. This includes working with the plant operational teams on providing training, writing appropriate standard operating procedures, and maintenance of training plans.
Apply the Process Safety Management (PSM) regulations to day to day operations. This includes writing appropriate procedures, conducting Change Management paperwork, knowing and applying Federal and State guidelines.
Frequent interface with plant personnel, operators, coordinators, and maintenance personnel across a 3-shift operation.

pm19



Required Skills

Required Experience
BS in Mechanical Engineering or Chemical Engineering preferred. Industrial and Electrical Engineers with hands-on mechanical & chemical experience will also be considered.
5+ years of engineering job experience.
Good process management, written and verbal communication skills are required along with a high level of initiative.
Demonstrated strong leadership skills, in project and people management in a continuous improvement environment in the areas of production, safety, quality and Lean manufacturing principles.

n/a

