Process Engineer- Refining

Hargrove Engineers + Constructors

- Beaumont, TX

Education: Bachelor or Master of Science degree in Chemical, Mechanical, Biochemical, or Petroleum Engineering from an accredited university is required.
Registration: Professional Engineering registration or CPIP certification is highly preferred or may be required.
Experience: This position requires 6 to 10 years of relevant industrial experience in chemical, petroleum, or biochemical process design engineering.
Generally responsible for supervision and technical direction over a team of engineers and process engineering designers when functioning as a Lead Engineer. As Lead Engineer, responsibilities include total delivery of the process engineering deliverables and services on time, within budget and meeting quality expectations. Duties may include performing advanced engineering work serving as a technical specialist for complex engineering assignments. Work at this level requires extensive progressive experience in chemical/biochemical/petroleum and process design engineering and involves utilization of project controls for cost, schedule and quality of projects. This work will be performed under general supervision.
Ability to train others in process safety as well as site safety requirements.
Knowledgeable in many aspects of process safety and how to incorporate these aspects into process design.
Familiarity with specifications and installation details of equipment, instrumentation, and piping.
Ability to create accurate process engineering documents from the information provided in vendor equipment data and drawings.
Ability to accurately estimate completion of assigned tasks.
Ability to assist in the development of a detailed engineering schedule and a man-hour budget for the process engineering portion of major capital projects.
Experienced in estimating and scheduling professional service hours and assessing the progress and quality of process engineering work.
Develop design criteria and scope of work for major capital projects.
Complete understanding of the skills and experience required to perform process engineering and design functions.
Knowledge and application of company engineering design and CAD drafting standards.
Knowledge of CAD software such as AutoCAD or Microstation.
Ability to lead a small team on a major capital project to deliver on their commitments.
Ability to deliver convincing presentations of Hargrove Engineers + Constructors services to existing and new clients.
Knowledgeable in the use of hydraulic simulation software such as AFT Fathom, AFT Arrow, PIPEPHASE, PIPE-FLO, and/or SiNet.
Knowledgeable in the use of process simulation software such as Aspen Plus, Aspen Plus Dynamics, PRO/II, DYNSIM, HYSYS, CHEMCAD, WinGEMS, ProMax, etc.
Very good communication skills, both verbal and written.
Willing to travel as required for pre-bid meetings, client presentations and project site meetings.
Virtual team skills and cross divisional relationships are developed, and able to provide interoffice execution leadership and support.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $50.00 to $80.00 /hour
Experience:
Refining: 5 years (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off

n/a

