Process Engineer, Refinery work, must have chemical engineering degree

HydroChemPSC

- Long Beach, CA

HydroChemPSC is the premier industrial cleaning and environmental services company in North America supporting the upstream, downstream and utility sectors. HydroChemPSC offers an exceptional three-pronged safety system, innovative career development platform, committed customer service, deep industry expertise, and advanced technology and automation. We are committed to safety, people, growth, service and performance. We provide the safest, most efficient operational experience for our customers and the most comprehensive training and career development for our employees.
Position Summary: Implements and oversees compliance programs for Water treatment processes and engineering for the National Water Services group. Ensures federal, state, and local environmental regulations are met. Ensures that a safe, healthy and accident-free work environment is provided in compliance with client and HydroChemPSC policies and procedures.
Essential Duties:
Lead and Assists in the development of new and improved treatment processes.
Lead and Assists in the design of process flow, consumable usage, and equipment layout, for water treatment projects
Analyzes operating procedures and field data to help optimize treatment process.
Serve as Subject Matter Expert for organization for Granular Activated Carbon selection and use.
As needed, assist in on-site operation which may include performing tests and recording performance values throughout water treatment system.
Applies principles of chemical engineering to solve client problems.
Works with local operations to improve and manage environmental and safety procedures and practices.
Develops process improvements and identifies required chemicals, parts and equipment to achieve project goals.
Develops technical project summaries for client and marketing use.
Provides support in the development of standard operating procedures
Assists in sales process which may include client facing activities.
Provides technical support to EH&S initiatives
Participates in all safety, environmental, and team meetings/programs as appropriate
Performs work practices that positively impact Safety and Environmental performance
Performs other duties as required.
Travel to job sites required.
Educational Requirements: BS Chemical Engineering or in a related engineering field such as Mechanical or Environmental.
Skills and Experience:
1-2 years experience in water treatment or a related field
Advanced water treatment process training or certification
Ability to read and write English (literate)
Strong environmental regulatory knowledge
Ability to effectively apply engineering knowledge
Ability to interpret plans, prints, graphs
Knowledge of standard process equipment and maintenance
Ability to communicate and work with others
Ability to read and communicate instructions
Ability to interpret lab data/analytical and treat ability studies
Ability to utilize testing equipment to make process changes
Ability to complete assigned tasks independently.
HydroChemPSC and its subsidiaries affords equal opportunity in employment to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, pregnancy, familial status, disability status, veteran status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected under Federal, State or Local law. HydroChemPSC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
refinery: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
TWIC (Required)
Required travel:
50% (Required)
Application Question:
Must be able to pass a 90 day hair follicle test. Are you able to pass this?
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative

n/a

