Process Engineer

Isola Group

- Ridgeway, SC 29130

GENERAL PURPOSE OF JOB:
Provide Process Engineering support to plant operations in order to achieve departmental goals for yields, productivity and health & safety.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Define/establish consistent, documented processes to drive standard work practices.
Support timely implementation of process changes related to capital improvement projects.
Participate in special projects and perform other duties as assigned
Set expectations of product performance and characteristics.
Drive process control improvements and reduce process variation through the application of six sigma tools.
Provide engineering support for the startup of new equipment and processes.
Prepare process guidelines and procedures for new equipment, products and processes.
Evaluate new materials such as copper, resins, solvents, chemicals and fiberglass.
Work with Supply Chain, Quality Control and Technology functions to improve supplier performance.
Hands on process troubleshooting when processes are not performing to expectation.
Provide input concerning capital equipment and process upgrades.
Participate in Lean Events Kaizen and operator training.
Occasional travel to other Isola locations for the purpose of sharing best practices.
Support the manufacturing operation's continuous cost and quality improvement goals by assisting in the design and modification of new and existing equipment and processes throughout the manufacturing process.
Perform statistical analysis, evaluate new materials, maintain process documents and procedures, track and analyze process variables.
Recommendation of equipment and hands-on training of operators as required.
Support the plant's 5S and lean manufacturing goals; support plant safety initiatives.
Meet budgets and financial goals as assigned and support the management of strategic planning for future expenditures in accordance with long-term objectives.
Support ISO and OSHA processes and procedures.
STRATEGIC FOCUS:
Meet all safety, quality, production and on-time metrics.
Define/establish consistent, documented processes and standard work.
Improve manufacturing capabilities of site processes through application of engineering and six sigma tools.
Lead site specific product development and improvements.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
This position has no supervisory responsibility
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS:
Six Sigma Blackbelt certification preferred.
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE:
B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering required
Three to five years' experience in a manufacturing environment
Experienced in working with teams and team building.
Excellent verbal and written communication, team and interpersonal skills; strong leadership, organization change and organizational skills; excellent trouble-shooting, problem solving and technical abilities; ability to control and improve internal processes.

n/a

