Process Engineer

Yates

- Birmingham, AL

Position: Process Engineer
Location: Birmingham, AL

Yates is proud to be an industry leader in construction and engineering services. To be a top of class organization, Yates is dedicated to hiring individuals who understand the importance of safety; instills integrity in all aspects of their lives; are passionate about what they do; and committed to providing value to our clients.

Skills and Experience:

As the Process Engineer, responsibilities include delivery of the process engineering deliverables on time, within budget and meeting quality expectations. May require proving the supervision and technical direction of a team of process engineers on larger projects.
Requirements:
Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Paper Science from an accredited university.
3 - 5 years of process engineering experience.
Experience in PFD and P&ID development, heat and material balances, and equipment specifications.
Pipe line sizing.
Pump calculations
Good communication skills, both verbal and written.
Knowledge of paper machine equipment, processes, and operations is a plus.
Professional Engineering registration or ability to obtain PE is a plus.

Essential Job Duties:
Plan, organize, and oversee the process engineering activities with responsibility for quality and accuracy as well as performance budget and schedule.
Understand the project scope and deliverables. Initiate timely project change notices when deviations are made from project scope that affect the cost of the work, deliverable and/or schedule.
Establish the process design criteria for the project.
PFD and P&ID development, heat and material balances, hydraulic calculations and other process engineering tasks.
Prepare equipment specifications and assist in the development of bid packages for procurement of equipment.
Review and check vendor information and reconcile verses the process design documents.
Coordinate with design leaders from other disciplines to ensure inter-disciplinary alignment of the design effort.
Review discipline design information and design drawings for process engineering input and participate in inter-discipline design reviews.
Develop preliminary designs suitable for the level of estimate being prepared as part of a capital project development study.
Maintain familiarity with and utilize industry standards, procedures, and guidelines.
Travel as required for project related activities.
The above description covers the principal duties and responsibilities of the job. The description shall not, however, be construed as a complete listing of all miscellaneous, incidental, or similar duties which may be required from day-to-day. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EOE/Vets/Disabilities/M/F
Yates performs heavy construction and building work throughout the United States and relocation is sometimes required for continuous employment opportunities.

n/a

