Process Engineer

Ampac Fine Chemicals

- Petersburg, VA

We are looking for Process Engineers (Chemical) to join Ampac Fine Chemicals!
Duties: Under general supervision and following established policies, performs professional assignments requiring full use and application of standard engineering principles, theories, concepts and techniques.
Monitor existing processes, ensuring that batch records are maintained, variances are investigated, and day to day activities are properly planned. Activate and qualify facilities and equipment. May assign work to and direct less senior engineer and support personnel as required.
Provide team leadership to small projects.
Conduct product changeovers through shift coverage, preparation of cleaning instruction, and leading in set up operations. Prepare new batch records and work instructions. Develop process training for operations and craftsmen. Troubleshoot processes to reduce downtime, improve cycle time, and increase productivity. Modify piping and instrumentation drawings, flow sheets, and emission calculations.
Independently evaluates, selects and applies engineering techniques, procedures and criteria using judgement in making adaptations and modifications. Use engineering skills to design small projects for enhanced safety, quality and or productivity improvements. Assists in the completion of Process Safety information and participates in Process Hazard Analysis.
Bachelor's of Science Degree in Chemical Engineering. 3-5 years of chemical manufacturing experience in a pharmaceutical production environment highly preferred, familiarity with cGMP requirements and FDA compliance a plus. We are a 24/7/365 manufacturing plant. This position may involve shift coverage including weekends and holidays.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Petersburg, VA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Relocation assistance

n/a

