Production Engineer

Celanese

- Bishop, TX 78343

Celanese is a Fortune 500 global chemical innovation company that engineers and manufactures chemicals used in products essential to everyday living. Headquartered in Dallas, TX, we employ over 7,700 dedicated people working between 43 facilities across 18 countries. We are committed to employee growth and creating shareholder value to ensure continued opportunities make a difference. Our company focuses on the safety of its employees, provides competitive compensation (including benefits starting day 1), and emphasizes giving back to the community. For more information about Celanese and our products please visit www.celanese.com

Summary: Identifies, develops and implements programs to improve unit safety, quality, reliability and profitability. Insures all technical and procedural systems operate properly.

Monitors the status of projects in the unit and drives them to completion. Stewards the Management of Change program for the area.
Motivates Self and Others to achieve unit goals and objectives. Leads unit shutdown efforts by coordinating project and maintenance activities with production plan.
Provides Guidance to team members, leads problem solving processes and root cause analysis. Tracks unit on-stream reliability/asset utilization, efficiences, energy usage, raw material usage, etc., and reports as necessary.
Serves as energy coordinator for the Bishop site.

Required Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Strongly motivated individual who works independently with minimal supervision. Strong computer skills. Demonstrated ability to handle multiple priorities. Knowledge of plant processes.
Ability to work in a team based environment and lead a team towards a common goal
Effective communication skills with the ability to communicate internally and externally with all levels of the organization
Ability to organize/prioritize thoughts and actions to help achieve unit objectives and long-term vision
Degree in Chemical or Mechanical Engineering or Chemistry
3-5 years experience
Desirable Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Strong technical engineering skills, including knowledge of process design, process safety engineering (PHAs, MOC, and safety systems interlock.
Six Sigma Certification. Proficient with statistical software
Able to create, read an modify PFD's and P&ID's
Previous experience with Cogeneration, steam generation and distribution, wastewater treatment, and other utilities.

n/a

