Product Development (Chemical Engineer) Intern

Henkel AG

- Madison Heights, MI

United States, Madison Heights, MI, Adhesive Technologies
Product Development (Chemical Engineer) Intern
HENKEL IS FOR THOSE WHO STEP UP. DO YOU?
At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.
YOUR ROLE
Availability to work part time during fall/winter/spring semester and full time during summer.
Ability to commit to a minimum 9 month internship
Organize and conduct experiments in cleaning and surface treatment of metals
Operate physical and analytical testing equipment.
Summarize and report results by entering data into software applications. Creates charts and tables.
Be responsible for general laboratory cleanup and other general lab duties as assigned
YOUR SKILLS
Pursuing a degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering or a related field. Applicant must have completed two years of college chemistry courses.
Previous experience in a laboratory environment preferred. Candidate will work with chemicals and must be able to follow safe work practices and protocols.
Computer literate with Microsoft Office suite: Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Ability to stand for long periods of time while performing laboratory work.
Available to work >15 hours per week during business hours on an on-going basis. Schedule can be flexible.
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

Henkel does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Unsolicited referrals and resumes are considered Henkel property and therefore, Henkel will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited referral. At Henkel’s request only, preferred vendors may be invited to refer talent for specific open positions. In these cases, a fully-executed agreement with Henkel must be in place and current.

JOB ID: 190006AG
Contract & Job type: N/A , Limited Term
Contact details: 1-866-836-7067

n/a

