Production Engineer

Endura Products Corp

- Midland, TX 79706

Oil & GasProduction Engineer
We are looking toexpand our Technical Team at Endura Products Corp., a supplier of chemicals tothe oil & gas and pipeline industry. We have a reputation forintegrity, excellent service, and innovative science designed to solve whatevertreating problems you might encounter. In order to improve our customerservice, we are looking to add a Production Engineer to our growing team!
Essential PositionFunctions and Duties
Research and participate in process improvement projects to increase efficiency.
Create, maintain, and review technical documents to support production and treatment processes.
Collect and analyze quantitative data to suggest and improve projects.
Provide technical knowledge of product and processes to operations and engineering.
Ensure compliance and adherence of products to applicable codes and specifications.
Investigate root causes of reoccurring issues and provide proper countermeasures.
Supervise and/or participate in testing of products.
Establish applicable standards, procedures, and forms for production processes.
Maintain safety standards across all job functions.
Qualificationsand Competencies
Bachelor / Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or equivalent.
2-5 years of relevant chemical / oil & gas experience
Excellent computer skills – MS Office proficient
Knowledge of industry standards and terminology
Comprehend mechanical/technical drawings
Knowledge of chemicals, pipeline, and oil & gas.
Project management and cost benefit analysis.
Problem solving and root cause analysis.
Ability to use precision measuring tools.
Compensation& Benefits
Compensationwill be based on experience. We offer a full benefits package including: paid time off, paid holidays, company paid: employee medical, dental, life,short term and long term disability insurance, voluntary dependent medical,dental, hospital, accident, critical illness, and cancer insurance (companycost shared), voluntary vision, life, and telemedicine programs. 401kmatching at 6 months.
Job Type: Full-time
relevant: 2 years (Preferred)
Location:
Midland, TX (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Multiple locations
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
http://www.enduraproductscorp.com

n/a

