Production Engineer

Ingevity

- Crossett, AR

Job Family Group:
Engineering
Overview
Bold. Energetic. Ingenious. Genuine. These qualities best describe employees who work for Ingevity. We believe it takes extraordinary people to create extraordinary results.
At Ingevity, we harness the bold spirit, innate curiosity and remarkable ingenuity of our people to develop innovations that purify, protect and enhance the world around us. Our products enable oil to flow better, crops to grow fuller, roads last longer, and ensure that the air we all breathe is cleaner.
Already a leader in markets in which we compete, we leverage our deep technical expertise and knowledge of our customers’ industries to turn complex challenges into powerful possibilities and value-added solutions. We prize creativity and imagination and we’re always looking for a better, smarter way of doing things.

We know it takes the right people with the right attitude to achieve the improbable. People who understand that there is no challenge too big and no contribution too small. People with the ability to solve and the commitment to stay the course. People who work together to create meaningful impact and exponential results, for our customers and the world around us. Our people are our most valued asset, and the foundation of our success. Interested? We thought you might be, and we’re so glad!
How you'll impact Ingevity:
As a Production Engineer, you'll have an opportunity to have significant impact on our chemical operations in our Crossett, Arkansas facility. In this dynamic and challenging role, you’ll have the chance to:
Provide safety leadership and address issues in a timely manner.
Support operator training for technical and process responsibilities.
Lead and support operators with troubleshooting (quality, mechanical, process, etc.).
Collaborate with maintenance team members to coordinate preventive, routine and emergency maintenance.
Perform daily process review of trends, quality data, and environmental data.
Develop lockout checklists as needed.
Work with the Reliability Engineer to reduce unplanned downtime.
Initiate and develop process improvements, including safety and productivity.
Initiate and develop ideas for capital projects and coordinate with the project engineering group to execute approved projects.
Initiate, coordinate and complete MOCs.
Lead or participate in incident investigations for assigned area and complete assigned recommendations in a timely manner.
Perform routine procedure reviews.
Address and resolve customer complaints in a timely manner.
Maintain all requirements of the Quality Management System
Perform monthly and annual cost center reviews.
Perform quality reviews to drive continual improvement.
Perform on-call duties for production group as assigned.
Audit employee performance for compliance with safety and procedural requirements.
What you need to succeed:
A bachelor’s degree in chemical or mechanical engineering is required.
5+ years’ experience in a manufacturing environment is required.
Aptitude for problem solving, effective decision making, experience in training others, and effective at leading individuals and groups toward resolution of issues.
Ability to work in temperature extremes as typical in the region.
Availability to work on a variable schedule, to include evenings, nights and weekends as needed, in addition to normally scheduled work week.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and use problem solving tools.
Knowledge of chemical processes, equipment, and manufacturing technologies including mechanical conveying, piping systems, pumps, and instrumentation is required.
Experience with kettle and reactor operations and/or distillation/refinery operations is preferred.
Ability to communicate effectively through verbal and written methods, including electronic means using current software platforms and mobile devices.
Knowledge of maintenance processes including mechanical, electrical, and instrumentation.
Knowledge of safety, health, and environmental regulations and principles.
Relocation assistance is available for this position.
This role is not eligible for employment visa sponsorship. The successful candidate must not now, or in the future, require sponsorship to work in the US.
Ingevity is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled.
Recruiting Agencies: Ingevity does not accept unsolicited resumes and therefore, will not be responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.

n/a

