Product Supply Engineer Internship

Procter & Gamble

- Cincinnati, OH 45201

How would you like to use your engineering experience and join a globally recognized company? If you are passionate about inventing, developing, reapplying, and delivering processes and packing technologies, then this role is perfect for you.
You should have the right technical curiosity and understanding to develop new approaches to big problems. Your work will require creativity, innovation, teamwork, and leadership.
What does the work look like?
Our Product Supply group is responsible for the manufacture and delivery of all our products. It's the bread and butter of what makes P&G such a great company to work for. From the first day on the job, you'll work with cutting-edge technologies, collaborate with our R&D and Manufacturing groups.
We're looking for a few different interns in the Product Supply space:
Process Engineers
Converting Engineers
Packing Engineers
Control System Engineers
Modeling & Simulation Engineers
Cost Engineers
Process Engineers
Your work here would include developing innovative solutions geared towards improving our product designs. You'll be building transformation models and evaluating and designing process equipment. We're typically looking for someone from a chemical engineering background for these roles.
Converting Engineers
We develop innovative, web-processing, equipment solutions to improve the design of our consumer products like diapers and paper towels. You'll be using 3D digital modeling, throughput simulation tools, and mechatronics to invent new state of the art production systems. A good fit for this role would be someone from a mechanical or electrical engineering background.
Packing Engineers
This group provides solutions to innovative packaging equipment issues. Kind of like the converting engineers, you would also use 3D modeling, as well as throughput simulation to build the capabilities and efficiencies of our systems. Typically someone here would be an electrical or mechanical engineer.
Control System Engineers
Do you want to build some cool automation systems, control information networks, or vision and robotic systems? Engineers here use mechatronics and process dynamic simulation tools to create industrial software solutions that enable efficient production. Typically these are electrical, mechanical, or chemical engineering roles.
Modeling & Simulation Engineers
This type of work includes using virtual process equipment, machine equipment, and product models to analyze and optimize our work. You'll do things like Finite Element Analysis, Computational Fluid Dynamics, Kinematics and Dynamic Simulation. You would also lead multi-disciplinary teams to evaluate and approve design prior to physical execution. Typically this role can be filled by any engineering discipline.
Cost Engineers
Cost Engineers create cost estimates from feasibility to final funding estimates to enable exacting management of our capital assets. They work in partnership with all other engineering disciplines to identify project options to maximize return on investment for new products and improvement projects. Engineers in this field use state of the art cost modeling tools. Typically this role can be filled by any engineering discipline.

Health Safety & Environment
As a member of this team, you would handle the environmental issues of your site, including working on our waste, the destruction of defective products, water management, and energy consumption.

What we offer you :
Responsibilities as of Day 1 – you will feel the ownership of your project from t he beginning, and you will be given specific projects and responsibilities

Continuous coaching & mentoring– We'll help you work with passionate people and also receive both formal training and mentoring from your manager

Dynamic and respectful work environment – employees are at the core; we value every individual and encourage initiatives promoting agility and work/life balance

We are looking for:
Candidates seeking a BS/MS degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial or Chemical Engineering are preferred

Other BS/MS Aeronautical, Environmental, and Civil Engineering degrees may be considered.

Engineering modeling and simulation skills are desirable.

Are 1-4 year away from Graduation (Engineering school/ Universities)

Successful candidates will be willing to travel on the job Just so you know:

All positions are entry level management internships

Some positions are at our technical centers in Cincinnati, Ohio and will require travel to vendor and manufacturing locations. There are also a number of Engineering positions starting at manufacturing plants across North America.

Procter & Gamble generally seeks to hire individuals that are in good standing at their university and/or field of study, this typically means people with an overall G.P.A. of 2.75 or above on a 4.0 scale.

The duration of our internships is 10 to 12 weeks starting around May or June. As an intern, you'll receive an internship allowance.

We provide relocation support to get you where we need you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.

Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.

Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.

Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.

n/a

