Project Engineer

Hovione

- Hightstown, NJ 08520

Hovione has 60 years of experience as a Specialist Integrated CDMO offering from drug substance to drug product intermediate to drug product. With four FDA inspected sites in the US, Macau, Ireland, and Portugal, and development laboratories in Lisbon and New Jersey, the company provides branded pharmaceutical customers services for the development and compliant manufacture of innovative drugs and is able to support highly potent compounds. For generic pharmaceutical customers the company offers niche off-patent API products. In the inhalation area Hovione is the only independent company offering a complete range of services.
Hovione New Jersey is setting-up an innovative technology for Continuous Manufacturing of Drug Product, capable of enhanced control strategy via Process Analytical Technologies and of Real Time Release testing. We are looking for strong professionals to join us and are currently recruiting for the following position.
We are recruiting for the following position at our U.S. site located in East Windsor, NJ:
Project Engineer
The Project Engineer will manage available resources to meet the requirements for design and execution of multiple capital improvement projects. Projects are to be coordinated to keep plant operational and maintained, at minimum cost and minimum downtime. The Project Engineer is responsible for assuring that manufacturing operations are carried out in compliance with all Federal, State and Local requirements (namely EPA, OSHA, FDA, and cGMP guidelines) and with Hovione internal policies and HSE requirements.
Main Responsbilities:
Ensure all projects are completed in compliance with Federal, State and Local requirements, including: FDA, EPA, and OSHA.
Ensure all projects are completed in accordance with Hovione's Corporate Operating Procedures and Site Procedures.
Develop detailed estimates and schedules for project approval.
Execute projects to meet approved estimate and schedule.
Responsible for managing contractors, vendors, and engineers to complete capital improvement projects while meeting all safety, budget and schedule constraints.
Author, review and approve technical documentation, including but not limited to change control, deviations, SAPs, design drawings, specifications, and other forms.
Lead and conduct complex technical investigations including generation of concise reports with a clear root cause or conclusion.
Provide input, develop user requirements and procure new cGMP processes systems and equipment.
Assist in the development of project justification and provide input for the capital planning process.
Participate in factory acceptance testing, hazard and operability studies, process hazard analysis and dust hazard analysis meetings.
Profile:
A minimum of a BS in Mechanical or Chemical Engineering and a minimum of 3 years of experience with plant design and project engineering in a pharmaceutical R&D or manufacturing environment. The candidate must have a basic understanding of Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs)
Pragmatic and results driven, with good capacity for planning and organization skills.
Hands-on experience in writing and reviewing documentation for process, operations and validation.
Ability to manage multiple priorities.
Team player, creative and with good problem solving skills, resilient and proactive.
Analytically minded.
Fluent in English and with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Availability, autonomy and ownership.
We Offer:
Exciting full time opportunity in a growing Company, using continuous manufacturing technology under a Quality by Design approach in an innovative setting.
Competitive salary and benefits commensurate with the job function and candidate’s relevant experience.
Great work environment, with a strong focus on quality and execution of top class science in state of the art equipment.
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
GMP Manufacturing: 3 years (Preferred)
Project Engineering: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses

n/a

