Project Engineer

Carrier Vibrating Equipment

- Louisville, KY 40213 (Prestonia area)

Carrier Process Equipment Group ( CPEG ), a Louisville based company has an immediate requirement for a Project Engineer . In this role the candidate will manage and complete projects for process equipment such as rotary dryers, rotary calciners, stationary fluid beds, vibrating fluid beds and vibrating conveyors.
Responsibilities:
Size, design and accurately cost equipment based on customer specifications.
Create technical and pricing proposals.
Conduct and supervise laboratory testing on materials supplied by customers, i.e. drying, cooling, screening, classifying, dewatering or conveying tests.
Develop technical specifications.
Direct and supervise designers in developing equipment engineering drawings.
Develop processing parameters and operating instructions for equipment manuals.
Provide technical consultation to internal departments and customers.
Troubleshoot problems and resolve customer complaints.
Manage projects and delegate internal or external action items.
Manage multiple projects in various phases.
Complete documentation requirements per customer specifications.
Assist with equipment startup, either remotely or at the job site.
Occasional domestic and international travel as needed (2-5 day’s duration).
Overtime required to complete important projects.
Requirements:
BS in Mechanical Engineering or Chemical Engineering (MS degree preferred).
Three (3) to ten (10) years experience in an engineering role.
Previous experience with ROTARY DRYERS preferred.
Previous experience with VIBRATING SCREENERS preferred.
Must be familiar with typical fabrication methods and materials.
Occasional domestic or international travel required.
Technical skill and knowledge in mechanical engineering, heat transfer and thermodynamics.
Initiative in solving problems.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must interface with other departments, sales representatives, vendors, and customers.
Ability to prioritize and organize.
Ability to read engineering drawings.
Overtime required to complete important projects.
The selected candidates will receive benefits including:
Competitive salary with yearly bonus potential.
Company stock (ESOP).
Paid vacation.
401K plan.
Medical, dental, vision, life, short-term/long-term disability insurance.
About CPEG: CPEG offers customers a comprehensive line of bulk material handling equipment and processing equipment. CPEG companies include Carrier Vibrating Equipment, S. Howes and Heyl Patterson Thermal Processing. All companies are 100% employee-owned and are proud to offer high quality equipment and superior customer service. Learn more at www.cpeg.com
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $60,000.00 to $90,000.00 /year
Application Question:
Compensation requirement.

n/a

