https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DYRkllJmD3iSiBlC7BSQyVL5HqySJO6Dryk11rFR-_Cw3FxLdi7HfqMIdZtfbWxvaBb9sqYNwmaQfSyzZNhESyeWTBxyy0gLlNw4IzA1goQNNuHl5yvLy3QO2bBDHrmLzWW-xuHZ_n28tWjTY2BXcFUZKbuqki4RmYAmsQ7ADHrYx13c8G0yUC_I_ounXJ-U9HVCIaorCwg3SKRF2BPZzDAzF1MrwUnkJrDeuxInosQCqZDASFmqDnZwY4oB_xkeCTSIGBVaq36zQz7Fbq7jG9ZC5txWxtcOOu7gt9tD2ydpx8SgNGR0v0KrquWsbS-X9qW9ckQ0Am540fylfj7R6x_TRbP7jtJEbAFDfI17XkO-t3Ve0LWweocCeIP4F05dMaGFfS5J9bvfJcAK_ZfXwWzTSGPG1G-YxfM058qUahuMdn53NQ9jDxfPTYUXWPb_wphJ1qst0athNSG9BmLuFHnyJNpn8hy1iGpQmUOgycew==&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3&tk=1e1kn9f0p33cf000&jsa=2937&oc=1&sal=1

Project manager/engineer - Chemical

Albanese Solutions

- Belpre, OH

The Project Manager will manage and lead capital projects for the plant, and provide role model leadership for safety culture and behavior on capital projects. Also, the Project Manager will work with the plant team to utilize the project execution work process consistently.
Able to relocate to Belpre, OH
Good communication skills with team oriented approach
Good organization skills and methods required with the ability to summarize work plans and accomplishments for others
Hard worker willing to put in extra time when needed to solve problems.
Hourly pay both regular and overtime rates; Salary estimated at $135,000 on 2100 hours of work per year. Could be a bit more or less depending on project work.
Strong leadership qualities
Major Roles & Responsibilities:
Provide role model leadership for safety culture and behavior on capital projects.
Exercise considerable latitude in determining project objectives of assignment.
Provide imaginative, thorough, practical, solutions that are consistent with organizational objectives to a wide range of projects.
Plan and conduct assignments, generally involving the larger and more important projects or more than one project.
Solve complex operating issues through collaboration with peers, and the assistance of direct reports or next level management.
Manage small to intermediate engineering project teams.
Define the scope and objectives of projects responsible for based on operational needs.
Provide direction to junior engineers and evaluates their work.
Liaison normally involves specific phases of a task, engineering project or operation.
Exercise negotiation, leadership, assertiveness and follow-through skills
Conduct briefings to Senior Management on project health.
Determine scope, budget and timeline of small to intermediate projects.
Demonstrates ownership of the financial results of assigned projects or functional areas, influences others to do same.
Understand the profitability impact of projects and manages accordingly The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position.
Skills & Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in engineering field is preferred.
5-10+ years Project Management experience.
PMP Certification is preferred, not necessary.
Applies extensive project principles and has full knowledge of functional area.
Applies knowledge of more advanced systematic and creative problem solving tools.
Effective Communications Skills (verbally, written, presentation).
Collaborates effectively with plant engineering, maintenance, and leadership.
Able to rapidly acquire knowledge of the site(s) including chemical processes and physical layout.
Proficiency in MS Office, MS Project, Excel and e-mail
Highly capable in generating Gantt charts for project scheduling and tracking
SAP proficiency or experience is a plus
Should have 3+ years of project management experience using a stage-gated process
Must have 5+ years of experience in safely executing field work.
Supervisory training and experience. Significant project Mgmt. experience.
Shows indications of being able to influence other groups
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $130,000.00 to $140,000.00 /year
Experience:
Relevant: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Benefits offered:
Paid time off
Flexible schedules
Workplace perks such as food/coffee and flexible work schedules

n/a

