Project Engineering Manager

Trex Company

- Fernley, NV 89408

Trex Company, the world’s number one decking and railing brand, and leader in high-performance, low-maintenance outdoor living products, is seeking a Project Engineering Manager to direct capital and expense project activities, maximize facility productivity and efficiency, provide design assistance to enhance capital and expense projects, and provide direction for a team of three project engineers.

Help us deliver what’s next in outdoor living by leading cross-functional teams to deliver strategic projects and initiatives; manage projects, including creating plans, harnessing resources and time and expense management; and implement operational efficiencies.

As our next Project Engineer, you are a skilled project manager with strong priority-setting skills. You have strong problem-solving and communication skills, and you are comfortable building and managing teams. In this role you will utilize your understanding of manufacturing processes to deliver strategic projects and initiatives.

Talented employees are just one of Trex Company’s trademarks. This is your chance to work for a company consistently awarded recognition for market leadership and innovation. Trex outdoor living products offer significant design flexibility with fewer ongoing maintenance requirements than wood, as well as a truly environmentally responsible choice. Trex decking products contain 95 percent recycled content and we are one of the largest plastic scrap recyclers in the U.S. Our organization kept more than 600 million pounds of plastic and wood scrap out of landfills last year alone.

Besides working for the company known for its recycling heritage and as a creator of amazing outdoor living spaces, Trex employees enjoy an industry-leading compensation and benefits package, bonuses and incentive programs, tuition assistance, a six percent 401(k) match, and more: trex.com/careers.

Key Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead cross-functional teams to deliver strategic projects and initiatives.
Demonstrate managerial courage by candidly and positively handling conflict, viewing it as an opportunity to find common ground and hammer through tough issues.
Prepares and distributes a description and timeline of the project.
Creates project plans and harnesses resources to ensure project milestones are met within timeline, quality and budget constraints.
Possess a basic understanding of manufacturing processes and the ability to contribute to the development of new manufacturing processes using logical reasoning.
Use sound project management tools and processes to ensure projects are delivered on time.
Manage project expenses, including capital expense forecasting and purchase orders with vendors.
Liaise between process engineers; vendors and contractors for quotation; and scheduling, design and installation of equipment.
Identify and implement opportunities for operational efficiencies.
Manage the site project engineering team to align with company goals and deliver projects on time and on budget.
Must be willing to travel to the main, East Coast operation in Winchester, Virginia, at least four times per year.
Develop and maintain a culture of collaboration and open communications.


Required Skills

Required Experience
Bachelor of Science Degree in engineering.
Eight-or-more years of diverse experience in a manufacturing environment with strong business acumen.
Prior experience in manufacturing or chemical process operations preferred.
Working knowledge of problem-solving techniques is required.
Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office applications.

n/a

