Quality Process Engineer

ComTec Consultants, Inc

- Boss, MO

Job Summary
Responsibilities:
Identify, develop, and implement continuous improvement projects and contribute to developing necessary operation and maintenance procedures. Develop standard work practices from process limits and corrective actions and ensure operators and supervisors are engaged and trained in running plant processes. Effectively address and resolve customer complaints and issues through corrective and preventative actions. Develop and manage the quality system to ensure products are manufactured within specification. Understand and manage ISO and QS current standards. Responsible for site ISO and QS certifications. Manage the site document control process. Manage the site Management of Change Process. Analyze statistical data and material laboratory test results to evaluate process operation and develop process improvement that would improve the quality and quantity of company’s product. Work with plant operators, coordinators, and contractors to develop scope of work for projects. Prepare drawings, evaluate bids, procure material, and equipment and supervised the installation and startup. Apply safety and good environmental practices on the floor. Includes maintain cleanliness of work areas. Other duties as assigned. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Strong computer skills, including Microsoft Office Suite, Adaptive, I-Series, PeopleSoft, and Ultimate. Knowledge of general maintenance of electrical systems and smelting equipment. Knowledge of lean principles. Knowledge and practice of general chemistry. Education and Experience: 3 to 5 years of experience in process engineering, continuous improvement or quality management. Quality and Six Sigma experience preferred. Bachelors degree in mechanical, chemical, metallurgical or industrial engineering. Based in St. Louis, The Doe Run Company is a privately held natural resources company and one of the largest integrated lead producers in the Western Hemisphere. Dedicated to environmentally responsible mineral and metal production, Doe Run has facilities in Missouri, Washington and Arizona and operates one of the world's largest, single-site lead recycling facilities, located in Boss, Mo. Using innovative mining techniques, Doe Run skillfully taps one of the largest lead deposits in the world. As stewards of the mineral resources in our care, we strive to provide premium services and products to people who share our belief in enhancing the quality of life. You may view our sustainability report located athttp://sustainability.doerun.com/.All health and welfare benefits as well as 401K are effective on your start date! In addition we offer tuition reimbursement to help you grow and develop within our organization with ample opportunities for advancement.
Experience Required
3 - 5 years: Experience in process engineering, continuous improvement or quality management. Preferred Quality and Six Sigma experience Education Required Bachelors or better in Engineering or related field Skills Required Communication Microsoft Office Preferred Computer Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furthering
Job Type: Full-time
Experience:
"metal" OR "lead" OR "copper" or "Mining": 4 years (Required)
process engineering: 4 years (Required)
continuous improvement: 4 years (Required)
Location:
Boss, MO (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)

n/a

