R & D Associate

Goodyear

- Akron, OH

Location: US-OH-AKRON-CORP-HDQTRS-2110
Goodyear Talent Acquisition Representative: Kasondra Davis
Sponsorship Available: No
Relocation Assistance Available: Yes

About the Position
Goodyear, the recognized leader in high performance tire technology, is looking for candidates to become part of our Global Material Science team in Akron , Ohio.
The Global Material Science department seeks a highly motivated and hands-on associate to identify and develop new material technologies that address current and future business needs from our organization. The ideal candidate will have a strong passion for technology and high-performance application development. The associate will be responsible for translating product performance requirements such as traction, handling, and durability into chemical and physical property requirements of materials, and then developing tire compounds which demonstrate performance in tire applications. The successful candidate will be high energy and naturally inquisitive.

Primary Responsibilities
Developing and maintaining tire compounds for optimal performance while considering cost and environment.
Designing laboratory studies to evaluate material technologies, and interpreting the results based on the underlying chemistry and physics of the materials being studied.
Domestic and international travel is frequently required
Provide onsite assistance during plant trials as required
Effective communication and collaboration with design teams, customers, and manufacturing to ensure successful development and technology transfer

Required Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry or Materials required
Masters, or PhD desired
10-15 years of experience in elastomeric formulation for dynamic applications is preferred
10-15 years of experience in understanding structure/property relationships in materials is desired.
Familiarity with polymers, fillers, and/or reinforced composites is required
Proficiency in the statistical design and analysis of experimental data is required
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in teams will be required
Exceptional communication and technical documentation skills will be required
The associate needs to be open minded, optimistic, and collaborative with a strong sense of urgency
Tire plant experience in mixing/component preparation and with tire production processes are an asset

Skills and Abilities
Exhibits a very high degree of professional proficiency in an appropriate discipline.
Recognized within the function as an expert in a field and has some recognition of professional accomplishment within the company.
Technical leadership - contributes to the formulation of the work plans of others in the field of their expertise.
Project execution - sets project goals, develops action plans and achieves desired results.
Knowledge in one or more of: rubber compounding, tires, tire materials, tire manufacturing, tire applications, tire materials science.

Goodyear is one of the world’s largest tire companies. It employs about 64,000 people and manufactures its products in 47 facilities in 21 countries around the world. Its two Innovation Centers in Akron, Ohio and Colmar-Berg, Luxembourg strive to develop state-of-the-art products and services that set the technology and performance standard for the industry. For more information about Goodyear and its products, go to www.goodyear.com/corporate.
Goodyear is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to that individual's race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you need reasonable accommodation to complete the online application, or any other part of the employment process, please contact the Goodyear Candidate Care Line at 330.796.4500.
Click here for more information about Equal Employment Opportunity laws, and here for additional supplementary information.

n/a

